## FELLOWSHIP WITH GOD ##

Scripture: "As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love."—JOHN xv. 9



The Three Persons in the Godhead are the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Each one knows himself as different from the others. God desires to reveal Himself as a Person.

Each one of us is an individual, knowing himself as distinct from others, and standing in certain relations to others. God will reveal Himself to us as a Person, and it is our holy calling to enter into fellowship with Him.

God greatly desires this intercourse with man. But sin has come between man and his God. Even in the Christian, who thinks he knows God, there is often great ignorance and even indifference to this personal relationship of love to God.

People believe that at conversion their sins are forgiven, that God accepts them so that they may go to heaven, and that they should try to do God's will. But the idea is strange to them that even as a father and his child on earth have pleasure in intercourse, so they may and must each day have this blessed fellowship with God.

God gave Christ His Son to bring us to Himself. But this is only possible when we live in close fellowship with Jesus Christ. Our relationship to Christ rests on His deep, tender love to us. We are not able of ourselves to render Him this love. But the Holy Spirit will do the work in us. For this we need to separate ourselves each day from the world, and turn in faith to the Lord Jesus, that He may shed abroad His love in our hearts, so that we may be filled with a great love to Him.

Dear soul, meditate quietly on this thought. Read the words of Christ in John xiv. 21, "He that loveth Me shall be loved of my Father. I will love Him" Take time to believe in this personal fellowship. Tell Him of your love. Say to Him: "Lord, Thou hast loved me dearly; most earnestly do I desire to love Thee above all."

