## WHOLLY FOR CHRIST ##

Scripture: "One died for all…… that they which live should no longer live unto themselves, but unto Him who for their sakes died and rose again."—2 COR. v. 14, 15. R. V.



Here we have a threefold life described. First, the life of Christian, who lives according to his old nature: he lives for himself alone. The second: the life of a true Christian; he lives wholly for Christ. Thirdly, the life of Christ in heaven: He lives wholly for us.

Many a Christian needs to be convinced of the folly of living only for himself. At conversion he thinks more of his own salvation, and less of the glory of God and the right that Christ Who has redeemed us with His precious blood, has upon him. Many Christians just live for themselves, content with doing a little for the Master. Happy the believer who realizes his high calling, and the privilege and blessedness of consecrating His life entirely to God's service.

The great hindrance to such a life is the unbelief which says it is impossible. But when the truth takes hold of us: Christ in heaven lives wholly for me, and will impart His life to me, and will enable me to live wholly for Him, then we will be able to say joyfully: Dear Lord Jesus, from this moment let my prayer each day be—Wholly for Christ, Wholly for Christ.

Dear brother, let nothing less be your earnest desire, your prayer, and your firm expectation: Christ has not only died for me, but lives in heaven to keep and sanctify me, his purchased possession. Ponder this wonderful thought, that Christ will keep you as a member of His Body, to work and live for Him. Pray for grace to live wholly for God, in seeking souls, and in serving His people. Take time from day to day to be so united to Christ m the inner man that you can say with all your heart: I live wholly for Him, Who gave Himself wholly for me, and now lives in heaven wholly for me.

