## THE WHOLE HEART ##

Scripture: "With my whole heart have I sought Thee."—Ps. cxix. 10.



Notice how often the Psalmist speaks here of the whole heart. "They that seek Him with the whole heart" (ver. 2) "I shall observe Thy law with my whole heart" (ver. 34). "I will keep Thy precepts with my whole heart" (ver. 69). "I cried with my whole heart" (ver. 145). In seeking God, in observing His law, in crying for His help—each time it is with the whole heart.

When we want to make anything a success in worldly affairs, we put our whole heart into it. And is this not much more necessary in the service of an holy God? Is He not worthy? Does not His great holiness, and the natural aversion of our hearts from God demand it? The whole heart is needed in the service of God when we worship him in secret.

And yet how little most Christians think of this. They do not remember how necessary it is—in prayer, in reading God's Word, in striving to do His will—to say continually: "With my whole heart have I sought Thee. Yes, when we pray, and when we try to understand God's word, and to obey His commands let us say: I desire to seek God, to serve Him and to please Him with my whole heart.

"With my whole heart have I sought Thee." Dear reader, take this word into your heart. Think over it. Pray over it. Speak it out before God until you feel, I really mean what I say, and I have the assurance that God will hear my prayer. Say it each morning as you approach God in prayer. I seek Thee with my whole heart. You will by degrees feel the need of waiting in holy stillness upon God, that He may take possession of your whole heart, and you will learn to love Him with your whole heart and with all your strength.

