## THE OPENING OF THE EYES ##

Scripture: "And Elisha prayed and said: Lord, open his eyes, that he may see…... And Elisha said, Lord, open the eyes of these men, that they may see."—2 KINGS vi. 17, 20.



How wonderfully the prayer of Elisha for his servant was answered! The young man saw the mountain full of chariots of fire and horsemen about Elisha. The heavenly host had been sent by God to protect His servant.

A second time Elisha prayed. The Syrian army had been smitten with blindness, and so led into Samaria. There Elisha prayed for the opening of their eyes, and lo, they found themselves hopeless prisoners in the hand of the enemy.

We wish to use these prayers in the spiritual sphere. First of all, to ask that our eyes may see the wonderful provision that God has made for His Church, in the baptism with the Holy Ghost and with fire. All the powers of the heavenly world are at our disposal in the service of the heavenly Kingdom. How little the children of God live in the faith of that heavenly vision—the power of the Holy Spirit, on them, with them, and in them, for their own spiritual life, and as their strength joyfully to witness for their Lord and His work!

But we shall find that we need that second prayer too, that God may open the eyes of those of His children who do not as yet see the power which the world and sin have upon His people. They are as yet unconscious of the feebleness that marks the Church, making it impotent to do the work of winning souls for Christ, and building up believers for a life of holiness and fruit-fulness. Let us pray especially that God may open all eyes to see what the great and fundamental need of the Church is, in intercession to bring down His blessing, that the power of the Spirit may be known unceasingly in its Divine efficacy and blessing.

Our Father, which art in heaven, Thou who art so unspeakably willing to give us the Holy Spirit in power, hear our humble prayer. Open our eyes, we pray Thee, that we may realise fully the low estate of Thy Church and people, and as fully what treasures of grace and power Thou art willing to bestow in answer to the fervent prayer of a united Church. AMEN.

