## GOD'S GREATNESS ##

Scripture: "Thou art great, and doest wondrous things; Thou art God alone."—Ps. Ixxxvi. 10.



When anyone commences an important work, he takes time and gives his attention to consider the greatness of his undertaking.

Men of science, in studying nature, require years of labour to grasp the magnitude of, for instance, the sun and the heavenly bodies.

And is not our glorious God worthy that we should take time rightly to know and adore His greatness..

Yet how superficial is our knowledge of God's greatness. We do not allow ourselves time to bow before Him, and so come un¬der the deep impression of His incomprehensible majesty and glory.

Meditate on the following texts until you are filled with some sense of what a glorious Being God is.

"Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised, and His great¬ness is unsearchable." "I will declare Thy greatness." "They shall abundantly utter the memory of Thy great goodness" (Ps. cxlv. 3, 6, 7).

Do not imagine that it is easy to grasp the meaning of these words. Take time for them to master the heart, until you bow, it may be, in speechless adoration before God.

"Ah, Lord God, there-is nothing too hard for Thee, the Great, the Mighty God, Great in counsel and Mighty in work" (Jer. xxxii. 17-19).

And hear God's answer (ver. 27) : "Behold, I am the Lord, the God of all flesh; is there anything too hard for Me?

The right comprehension of God's greatness will take time. But if we give God the honour that is His due, and if our faith grows strong in the knowledge of what a great and powerful God we have, we shall be drawn to tarry in the inner chamber to bow in humble worship before this great and mighty God. In His abundant mercy He will teach us through the Holy Spirit to say:

"The Lord is a great God; Oh come, let us worship and bow down; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker" (Ps. xcv. 3,6).

"The Lord is a great God, and a great King above all gods" (Ps. xcv. 3).

