## THE HOLINESS OF GOD (N. T.) ##

Scripture: "Holy Father, keep through Thine own name those Thou hast given Me. Sanctify them. For their sakes I sanctify Myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth." —JOHN xvii. 11, 17, 19.



Christ ever liveth to pray this great prayer. Expect and appropriate God's answer.

Hear the words of St. Pawl in I Thess.:

"Night and day praying exceedingly that the Lord may establish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God" (iii. 10-13).

"The very God of peace sanctify you wholly" (v. 23).

"Who also will do it" (v. 24).

Ponder deeply these words as you read them, and use them as a prayer to God: "Blessed Lord, strengthen my heart to be unblameable in holiness. God Himself sanctify me wholly. God is faithful, who also will do it."

What a privilege to commune with God in secret, to speak these words in prayer, and then to wait upon Him until through the working of the Spirit, they live in our hearts, and we begin to know something of the holiness of God.

"Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints" (1 Cor. i. 2).

God's holiness has been revealed in the Old Testament. In the New, we find the holiness of God's people in Christ, through the sanctification of the Spirit. Oh that we understood the bless¬edness of saying:

"Be ye holy, for I am holy."

"With you, O my children, as with Me, holiness should be the chief thing." For this purpose the Thrice Holy One has revealed Himself to us, through the Son and the Holy Ghost. Let us use the word "holy" with great reverence of God, and then with holy desire, for ourselves. Worship the God who says:

"I am the Lord which hallow you."

Bow before Him in holy fear and strong desire, and then, in the fulness of faith, listen to the prayer promise:

"God Himself sanctify you wholly. Who also will do it."

