## THE LOVE OF GOD ##

Scripture: "God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in G0d, and God in him."— 1 JOHN iv. 16.



The best and most wonderful word in heaven is Love. For God is Love. And the best and most wonderful word in the inner chamber must be—Love. For the God who meets us there is Love.

What is love? The deep desire to give itself for the beloved. Love finds its joy in imparting all that it has, to make the loved one happy. And the heavenly Father, who offers to meet us in the inner chamber—let there be no doubt of this in our minds—has no other object than to fill our hearts with His love.

All the other attributes of God which have been mentioned find in this their highest glory. The true and full blessing of the inner chamber is nothing less than a life in the abundant love of God.

Because of this, our first and chief thought in the inner chamber should be faith in the love of God. Seek, as you set yourself to pray, to exercise great and unbounded faith in the love of God.

Take time, O my soul, in silence to meditate on the wonderful revelation of God's love in Christ, until you are filled with the spirit of worship and wonder and longing desire. Take time to believe the precious truth: "The love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us."

Let us remember with shame how little we have believed in, and sought after, this love. And as we pray, let us hold fast this assurance: I am confident that my heavenly Father longs to manifest His love to me. I am deeply convinced of the truth: He will and can do it.

"Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love" (Jer. xxxi. 3).

"That ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and heighth; and to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge" (Eph. iii. 17, 18, 19).

"Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us" (1 John ii. 1).

