## THE JOYFUL SOUND ##

Scripture: "Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they walk, Q Lord, in the light of Thy countenance. In Thy name do they rejoice all the day."—Ps. Ixxxix. 15, 16.



"God tidings of great joy," was what the angel calls the Gospel message. This is what is here spoken of as "the joyful sound." That blessedness consists in God's people walking in the light of God, and rejoicing in His name all the day. Undisturbed fellowship, never-ending joy, is their portion. Even in the Old Testament such was at times the experience of the saints. But there was no continuance; the Old Testament could not secure that. Only the New Testament can and does give it.



In every well-ordered family one finds the father delighting in his children, and the children rejoicing in their father's presence. And this mark of a happy home on earth is what the Heavenly Father has promised and delights to work in His people; walking in the light of His countenance, and rejoicing in His Name all the day. It has been promised, it has been made possible in Christ through the Holy Spirit filling the heart with the love of God. It is the heritage of all who are seeking indeed to love God with all their heart and with all their strength.



And yet how many there are of God's children who' simply think it impossible and have even given up, with the hope, the desire for a life of rejoicing in God's presence all the day. And yet Christ promised it so definitely: "These things have I spoken unto you, that My joy may be in you, and that your joy may be fulfilled." "I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no one taketh away from you."



Let us think of the Father's longing to have the perfect confidence and love of His children, of the children's need of the Father's presence every moment of the day for their happiness and strength. Let us think of the power of Christ by the Holy Spirit to maintain this life in us; and let us be content with nothing less than the blessedness of them that know the joyful sound: "They walk in the light of Thy countenance, and rejoice in Thy Name all the day; for Thou art the glory of their strength!"

The deeper we seek to enter into God's will for us, the stronger our faith will be that the Father can be content with frothing less than this, His child walking in the light of His countenance, and rejoicing in His Name all the day; and the stronger will the assurance come that what the Father has meant for us will be wrought in us through Christ and the Holy Spirit. Let us just hold fast the word—all the day, all the day.

