## CHRISTIAN PERFECTION ##

Scripture: "The God of peace make you perfect in every good work to do His will, working in you that which is well-pleasing in His sight, through Jesus Christ."—HEB. xiii. 20, 21.



Prepare your heart, my reader, for a large and strong faith, here again to take in one of those promises of God, as high above all our thoughts as the heaven is above the earth.



You know what a wonderful exposition we have in the Epistle to the Hebrews of that eternal redemption which Christ our great High Priest, the Mediator of the new covenant, worked out for us through the shedding of His precious blood. The writer of the Epistle closes his whole argument, and all its deep spiritual teaching with the benediction—"The God of peace"—listen, "make you perfect in every good work to do His will." Does not that include everything ? Can we desire more ? Yes, listen— "working in you that which is well-pleasing in His sight," and that through Jesus Christ.



The great thought here is that all that Christ had wrought out for our redemption, and all that God had done in raising Him from the dead, was just with the one object that He might now have free scope for working out in us that everlasting redemption which Christ had brought in. He Himself as God the Omnipotent ever-working, will make us per¬fect in every good work. And if we want to know in what way, we have the answer: By His working within us that which is well-pleasing in His sight. And that through Jesus Christ.



All that we have been taught about the completeness of the salvation in Christ, and our call to 'look on Him, to follow Him, is here crowned and finds its consummation in the blessed assurance, God Himself takes such an entire charge of the man who really trusts Him, that He Himself will through Jesus Christ work all that is well-pleasing in His sight.



The thought is too high, the promise is too large; we cannot attain to it. And yet there it is, claiming, stimulating our faith. It calls us just to take hold of the one truth—the everlasting God works in me every hour of the day through Jesus Christ. I have just one thing to do, to yield myself into God's hands for Him to work. Not to hinder Him by my working, but in a silent adoring faith to be assured that He Himself through Jesus Christ will work in me all that is well-pleasing in His sight. "Lord, increase our faith!"

