## THE WHOLE EARTH FILLED WITH HIS GLORY ##

Scripture: "Blessed be His glorious name for ever: and let the whole earth be filled with His glory; Amen, and Amen."—Ps. Ixxii. 19.



What a prospect! This earth now under the power of the Evil One, renewed and filled with the glory of God— a new earth wherein righteousness dwells. Though we believe it so little, it will surely come to pass; God's Word is the pledge of it. God's Son by His blood and death conquered the power of sin, and through the Eternal Spirit the power of God is working out His purpose. What a vision, the whole earth filled with His glory!



But what a great and difficult work. It is near two thousand years since Christ gave the promise and ascended the throne, and yet more than one-half of the human race have never learned to know even the name of Jesus. And of the other half, what millions are called by His name, yet know Him not. This great work of bringing the knowledge of Christ to every creature has been entrusted to a Church that thinks little of her responsibility and of what the consequence of her neglect will be. We may indeed ask: Will the work ever be done? Blessed be His name, His power and His faithfulness arc pledges that one day we shall see it, the whole earth filled with the glory of God.



What a wonderful prayer! For in our text it is a prayer —"Let the whole earth be filled with His glory; Amen, and Amen." It is to this prayer that every believer is called, and he can count upon the Holy Spirit to inspire and to strengthen him. It is to this prayer that we desire to strengthen each other, so that every day of our life, with all the power there is in us, we with one accord and continually, desire to pray in the faith of the name of Jesus and the power of His Spirit.



What blessedness to know1 that true prayer will indeed help, and be answered! What blessedness every day of our lives to seek God's face, with confidence to lay hold of Him and give Him no rest till the earth is full of His Glory! Once again, what blessedness to unite with all God's willing children in this the day of His power, who are seeking to prepare the way for our King!

