## CRUCIFIED TO THE WORLD ##

Scripture: "Far be it from me to glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, through which the world hath been crucified unto me, and I unto the world."—GAL. vi. 14.



What Paul had written in Galatians ii. is here in the end of the Epistle confirmed, and expressed still more strongly.



He speaks of his only glory being that in Christ he has in very deed been crucified to the world and entirely delivered from its power. When he said: "I have been crucified with Christ," it was not only an inner spiritual truth, but an actual, practical experience in relation to the world and its temptations. Christ had spoken about the world hating Him, and His having overcome the world, Paul knows that the world which nailed Christ to the cross, had in that deed done the same to him. He boasts that he lives as one crucified to the world, and that now the world as an impotent enemy was crucified to him. It was this that made him glory in the cross of Christ. It had wrought out a complete deliverance from the world.



How very different the relation of Christians to the world in our day! They agree that they may not commit the sins that the world allows. But further they are good friends with the world, and have liberty to enjoy as much of it as they can, if they only keep from open sin. They do not know that the most dangerous source of sin is the love of the world with its lusts and pleasures.



O Christian, when the world crucified Christ, it crucified you with Him. When Christ overcame the world on the cross, He made you an overcomer too. He calls you now, at whatever cost of self-denial, to regard the world, in its hostility to God and His Kingdom, as a crucified enemy over whom the cross can ever keep you conqueror.



What a different relationship to the pleasures and attractions of the world the Christian has who by the Holy Ghost has learned to say: "I have been crucified with Christ; the crucified Christ liveth in me"! Let us pray God fervently that the Holy Spirit, through Whom Christ offered Himself on the cross, may reveal to us in power what it means to "glory in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, through which the world has been crucified unto me."

