## FOLLOW ME ##

Scripture: "Then Jesus, beholding him, loved him, and said: 'One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and come, take up the cross, and follow Me.'"—MARK x. 21.



When Christ spoke these words to the young ruler, he went away grieved. Jesus said: "How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the Kingdom of God!" The disciples were astonished at His words. When Christ repeated once again what He had said, they were astonished out of measure. "Who then can be saved?" "Jesus looking upon them said, 'With men it is impossible, but not with God; for with God all things are possible."



Christ had spoken about bearing the cross from the human side, as the one condition of discipleship. Here with the rich young ruler He reveals from the side of God what is needed to give men the will and the power thus to sacrifice all, if they were to enter the Kingdom. He said to Peter, when he had confessed Him as Christ, the Son of God, that flesh and blood had not revealed it unto him, but his Father in heaven, to remind him and the other disciples that it was only by Divine teaching that he could make the confession. So here with the ruler, He unveils the great mystery that it is only by Divine power that a man can take up his cross, can lose his life, can deny himself and hate the life to which he is by nature so attached.



What multitudes have sought to follow Christ and obey His injunction, and have found that they have utterly failed! What multitudes have felt that Christ's claims were beyond their reach and have sought to be Christians without any attempt at the wholehearted devotion and the entire self-denial which Christ asks for!

Let us in our study of what the fellowship of the cross means take to-day's lesson to heart, and believe that it is only by putting our trust in the living God and the mighty power in which He is willing to work in the heart, that we can attempt to be disciples who forsake all and follow Christ in the fellowship of His cross.

