## FOLLOWING THE LAMB ##

Scripture: "These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever He goeth."—REV. xiv. 4.



It may not be easy to say exactly what is implied in this following of the Lamb in the heavenly vision. But of this we may be sure, that it will be the counterpart in glory of what it is to follow in the footsteps of the Lamb here upon earth. As the Lamb on earth reveals what the Lamb in heaven would be, so His followers on earth can show forth something of the glory of what it is to follow Him in heaven.



And how may the footsteps of the Lamb be known? "He humbled Himself." "As a Lamb that is led to the slaughter, He opened not His mouth" (Isa. liii. 7). It is the meekness and gentleness and humility that marked Him which calls for His followers to walk in His footsteps.



Our Lord Himself said: "Learn of Me, that I am meek and lowly of heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls." Paul writes: "Have this mind in you, which was also in Christ Jesus" (Phil. ii. 5). And then he teaches us in what that mind con¬sisted : Being in the form of God, He emptied Himself; He was made in the likeness of men; He took the form of a servant; He humbled Himself; He became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. The Lamb is our Lord and Lawgiver. He opened the only path that leads to the throne of God. It is as we learn from Him what it means to be meek and lowly, what it means to empty ourselves, to choose the place of the servant, to humble ourselves and become obedient, even unto death, the death of the cross, that we shall find the new and living way that leads us through the rent veil into the Holiest of All.



"Wherefore also God highly exalted Him, and gave unto Him the name which is above every name" (ver. 9). It is because Christians so little bear the mark of this self-emptying and humiliation even unto death, that the world refuses to believe in the possibility of a Christ-filled life.



Children of God oh, come and study the Lamb who is to be your model and your Saviour. Let Paul's words be the keynote of your life: "I have been crucified with Christ; yet I live; and yet no longer I, but Christ liveth in me." Here you have the way to follow the Lamb even to the glory of the Throne of God in Heaven.

