## CHRIST, THE NEARNESS OF GOD ##

Scripture: "Draw nigh to God, and He will draw nigh to you."—JAS. iv. 8.



It has been said that the holiness of God is the union of God's infinite distance from sinful man with God's infinite nearness in His redeeming grace. Faith must ever seek to realize both the distance and the nearness.



In Christ God has come near, so very near to man, and now the command comes: I f you would have God come still nearer, you must draw nigh to Him. The promised nearness of Christ Jesus expressed in the promise, "Lo, I am with you alway," can only be experienced as we draw near to Him.



That means, first of all, at the beginning of each day afresh to yield ourselves for His holy presence to rest upon us. It means a voluntary, intentional, and whole-hearted turning away from the world, to wait on God to make Himself known to our souls. It means giving time, and all our heart and strength, to allow Him to reveal Himself. It is impossible to expect the abiding pres¬ence of Christ with us through the day, unless there be the definite daily exercise of strong desire and childlike trust in His word: "Draw nigh to God, and He will draw nigh to you."



And that means, further, the simple, childlike offering of ourselves and our lives in everything to do His will alone, and to seek above everything to please Him. His promise is sure: "If a man love Me he will keep My words, and My Father will love him, and we will make our abode in him."



Then comes the quiet assurance of faith, even if there is not much feeling or sense of His presence, that God is with us, and that as we go out to do His will He will watch over us, and keep us, and, what is more, strengthen us in the inner man with divine strength for the work we have to do for Him.



Child of God, let these words come to you with a new meaning each morning: "Draw nigh to God, and He will draw nigh to you." Wait patiently, and He will speak in divine power: "Lo, I am with you alway."

