## CONTINUAL INSPIRATION ##

Scripture: "Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory."—EPH. i. 14



" All true religion is, or brings forth, an essential union and communion of the spirit of the creature with the Spirit of the Creator; God in it, and it in God, one Life, one Light, one Love. Divine, immediate inspiration and Divine religion are inseparable in the nature of the thing.



"All that the natural or uninspired man does or can do, has no more of the truth or power of Divine worship in it, than that which he does in the field or shop. Self love, self-esteem, self-seeking, and living wholly to self, are the whole of all that can be in the natural man. Nor can any creature be in a better or higher state than this, till something supernatural is found in it; and this supernatural something, called in Scripture THE WORD, or SPIRIT, or INSPIRATION OF GOD, is that alone from which man can have the first good thought about God, or the least power of having heavenly desires in his spirit.



"No man can reach God with his love, or have union with Him by it, but he who is inspired with that one same Spirit of Love with which God Himself loved from all eternity. Infinite hosts of new-created heavenly beings can begin no new kind of love to God, nor have the least power of beginning to love Him at all, but so far as His own Holy Spirit of Love is brought to life in them.



"This love can be the only love in creatures that can draw them to God; they have no power of cleaving to Him or adoring Him, but by partaking of that Eternal Spirit of Love. Therefore the continual inspiration or operation of the Holy Spirit, is the one only possible ground of our continually loving God."



Let us meditate, and pray, until this blessed truth begins to get possession of our heart—the immediate, continual inspiration of God, as actually our only power of goodness, is our birthright, and must be our experience, if we are to live out God's will. To an extent which we have very little realized, the Holy Spirit waits in very deed to fill our life all the day with the love of God.

