## HUMILITY ##

Scripture: "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls."--Matthew 11:29





After writing what we have given extracts from, Law goes on to prove how m the Church of Christ the gifts of human learning and wisdom speedily asserted themselves, instead of that entire dependence upon the Holy Spirit, of which Christ had spoken. And with that learning came, as a natural consequence, the exaltation of self, and the whole difference became the question between Pride, in the power of human learning and wisdom, and Humility, in the absolute dependence on the teaching of the Holy Spirit.



"Man's intellectual faculties are, by the Fall, in a much worse state than his natural animal appetites, and want a much greater self-denial. To realize this we only need to know two things: 1. That our salvation consists wholly in being saved from ourselves, or that which we are by nature; 2. That in the whole nature of things nothing could be this salvation or Saviour to us, but such a humility of God manifested in human nature as is beyound all expression. Hence, the first unalterable Term of this Saviour to fallen man is this, 'Except a man deny himself, forsakes all that he has, yea, and his own life, he cannot be My disciple.' And to show that this is but the beginning or ground of man's salvation the Saviour adds: 'Learn of Me, for I am meek and lowly of heart.' What a light is here for those who can bear or love the light: Self is the whole evil of fallen nature; self-denial is our capacity of being saved, humility is our Saviour."



"All the vices of fallen angels and men have their birth and power in the Pride of self, or I may better say, in the atheism and idolatry of self, for Self is both Atheist and Idolater. It is Atheist because it has rejected God, it is an Idolater because it is its own idol. On the other hand, all the virtues of the heavenly life are the virtues of humility. Not a joy, or glory, or praise, in heaven, but is what it is through humility. It is humility alone that makes the unpassable gulf between heaven and hell. This is the most plain and capital truth of the Gospel, namely, that there never was, nor never will be, but one humility in the whole world, and that is, the one humility of Christ."



In the life of faith, humility has a far deeper place than w&amp; think. It is not only one among other virtues, but is the first and chief need of the soul. It leads us to know our absolute and entire impotence as unable of ourselves to do any good. It leads us to look to the humility of our Lord Jesus, as being what He has prepared in His life for us, and will most surely work in us in response to our faith.

