## THE LOVE OF THE SPIRIT ##

Scripture: "The love of God hath been shed abroad in our hearts through the Holy Ghost, which was given unto us."—ROM. v. 5.



How many a Christian must confess all his life long that he knows very little of a fervent, childlike love to his heavenly Father! He realizes, too, that he cannot keep Christ's second great commandment, to love his neighbor as himself. The thought of this lack of a joyful love to the Lord Jesus, or of a continual love to the brethren, is so great a source of shame and sorrow.



What is the cause of this failure? Has the heavenly Father made no provision for His children on earth, enabling them to prove their love to Him and to each other? Certainly He has. But God's children have not learned the lesson, that there must be a constant renewal of faith in what God is able to do. One tries to stir up love towards God in one's heart, yet is conscious all the time that in one's own strength one cannot awaken the slightest love to God. O Christian, believe that the love, of God will work in your heart as a vital power, to enable you to love God and to love the brethren. Cease to expect the least love in yourself. Believe in the power of God's love, resting on you, and abiding in you; teaching you to love God, and the brethren, with His own love.



Learn the lesson of our text: "The love of God hath been shed abroad in our hearts, through the Holy Ghost." The Spirit will enable us to love God, and our brethren, and even our enemies. Be assured of two things. First, that in your own strength you cannot love God, or the brethren. And, second, that the Holy Spirit is within you every day and every hour, seeking to fill you with the Spirit of love. Each morning, as you commit yourself into the keeping of the Holy Spirit for the day, let this prayer arise: Grant me the assurance that Thou wilt pour forth the love of Christ into my own heart, and then let it stream forth to all around me!

