## FORGIVE, BUT NOT FORGET ##

Scripture: "I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more."—JER. xxxi. 34.



At the unveiling of the Women's Monument at Bloemfontein in 1913, I happened to be sitting in the front row on the platform at the foot of the Monument. After a while the sun became very hot. Suddenly I noticed that some one behind me was holding an umbrella over my head. When the speaker had finished, I asked my nephew beside me: "Who is so friendly as to hold an umbrella over my head?" His answer was: "General de Wet." I was surprised, and turning round, thanked him heartily. My nephew told me afterwards that he had said: "But I would gladly have paid for the privilege of doing it." I thought, what a generous nature to speak in that way. Presently his turn came to give an address. I could agree with all he said, except his last words, which were: ''Forgive—yes, but forget—never." When the ceremony was over, and I shook hands with him again, it was in my heart to say to him: "You say, 'I can never forget.' Be careful to what that may lead."



Many a one has allowed himself to be deceived by these words. On the farms, I have often seen a dog come in at the front door to seek coolness and shade. He would be driven out, and the door closed. Then he would go through the back door, and would soon be inside the house again. The front door is: "I will forgive." One wishes to put away all thought of hatred or ill-feeling. But see how quickly and quietly these evil thoughts come back through the back door of "I will never forget." Many a one trusts in God's forgiving love, but does not remember that when God forgives, He forgets. "I will forgive their iniquity, and will remember their sins no more." And St. Paul gives us the advice in Col. iii. 13: "Forgiving one another, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye."

