## PRAY FOR LOVE ##

Scripture: "The Lord make you to increase and abound in lave one another, and toward all men, even as we also do toward you; to the end that He may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness."—1 THESS. iii. 12, 13.



What a prayer! That the Lord would make them to abound in love towards each other, even as Paul did towards them: that He would strengthen their hearts to be unblameable in holiness. Without love this was impossible. Their hearts would be strengthened for a life of true holiness through the love of the brethren, by the power of God. Let us use this prayer often, both for ourselves and for those around us. Do you pray for holiness? Then show it by a hearty love to the brethren!



In 2 Thess. iii. 5 we read: "The Lord direct your hearts into the love of God." Yes, that is what the Lord Jesus will do for us, give us a heart always directed to the love of God. Lord, by Thy great love, grant me a heart of love!



"Always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy. I pray that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge . . . that ye may be filled with the fruits of righteousness" (Phil. i. 4-11). The Apostle, in his constant prayer for those in his charge, makes Love the chief thing. Let us do the same.



"I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, that your hearts may be comforted, being knit together in love, unto all riches of understanding" {Col. ii. 1, 2). Paul considers it indispensable for their growth in the knowledge of God that the hearts of the believers should be knit together in love. God is love—everlasting, endless love. That love can only be experienced when Christians are knit together in love, and live for others, and not only for themselves.



These four prayers of Paul give us abundant matter for meditation and prayer. Take time to let these heavenly thoughts grow m your heart. As the sun freely gives its light and heat to the grass and grain, that they may grow and bring forth fruit, so God is far more willing to give His love to us in ever-increasing measure. O Christian, if you feel as if you cannot pray, take these words of divine love, and ponder them in your heart. You will gain a strong and a joyous assurance of what God is able to do for you. He will make you to abound in love, and strengthen your heart to live before Him in holiness and love of the brethren, teach me so to pray!

