## THE WORKS OF THE FLESH ##

Scripture: "The works of the flesh are manifest; witchcraft, hatred, strife, jealousies, wrath, envyings, murders, and such like."—GAL. v. 19-21.



Paul in these three verses mentions seventeen of the terrible "works of the flesh." Nine of these are sins against love. And he says, elsewhere (Eph. iv. 31), "Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamor, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice." He here answers the question, why there is so little love amongst Christians, and why it is so hard to arouse such love. All these sins are "works of the flesh."



Even the earnest Christian is still in the flesh. Paul says: "In me, that is in my flesh, dwelleth no good thing"; "Because the mind of the flesh is enmity against God." It is quite impossible for a Christian by his own efforts to lead a life of love. Scripture says: "Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lusts of the flesh." The Spirit will enable us to keep the flesh always in subjection. The "fruit of the Spirit" will be Christ's love poured into our hearts as a fountain of love. Paul adds to what was quoted above: "The law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin." The grace of God will enable the Christian to walk, not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.



Learn these three great lessons: 1. The Christian cannot in his own strength love God and his fellow-man. 2. The great reason of so much bitterness, and want of love, is that the Christian walks after the flesh. 3. The only sure way to abide in this life of love, to love God, and Christ, with the whole heart, to love the brethren fervently, and to have a tender compassionate love for all who do not yet know Christ—is an absolute surrender to the Holy Spirit, to be led and guided by Him each day of our lives. It is through the Holy Spirit that this love is shed abroad in our hearts.



Child of God, learn the lesson that the Holy Spirit will take entire possession of you, and will work continually within you a life of love to Christ and to all men. Pray over this thought, until it gains control of your whole being!

