## THE LOVE OF GOD IN OUR HEARTS ##

Scripture: "The love of God hath been shed abroad in our hearts through the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us."—ROM. v. 5.



The Holy Spirit is shed abroad in our hearts by God the Father. The love of God is shed abroad in our hearts through the Holy Spirit. As truly as God has poured forth the Spirit, so truly is the love of God shed forth by the Spirit.



Why do we so seldom experience this? Simply because of our unbelief. It takes time to believe in the divine mighty working of the Holy Spirit through whom our hearts are filled with the love of God. We need time for retirement from the world and its interests for our souls to bask in the light of God so that the eternal love may take possession of our hearts. If we believe in the infinite love of God, and the divine power with which He takes possession of the heart, then we will receive what we ask for—the love of God shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Spirit. God desires His children to love Him with all their hearts and all their strength. He knows how impotent we are. And for that very reason He has given the Spirit, who searches the deep things of God, and in these depths has found the fountain of eternal love to fill our hearts with His love to His Son.



If you long for this, draw nigh to God, and abide with Him in quiet worship and adoration, and you will know the love of God in Christ which passes all knowledge.



The Holy Spirit wants to have you wholly. He will teach you each day to dwell with the Father in His great love as a little child, and to abide in the love of Christ each day, and to show forth that love towards the brethren and towards a perishing world. He will make your heart a fountain of everlasting love, springing up to life eternal, and flowing forth in blessing to all around. Say with a heart full of thanksgiving: "The love of God is shed abroad in my heart through the Holy Ghost."

