## JOY IN GOD ##

Scripture: "For the kingdom of God is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost."—ROM. xiv. 17."Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, . . , through the power of the Holy Ghost."—ROM. xv. 13.



A Christian man said to me, shortly after his conversion: "I always thought that if I became religious it would be impossible for me to do my worldly business. The two things seemed so contrary. I seemed to be a man trying to dig a vine¬yard with a bag of sand on his shoulders. But when I found the Lord, I was so filled with joy that I could do my work cheerfully from morning till night. The bag of sand was gone; the joy of the Lord was my strength for all my work."



Truly a significant lesson. Many Christians do not understand that the joy of the Lord will keep them and fit them for their work. Even slaves, when filled with the love of Christ, could testify to the happiness that He gave.



Read the two texts at the heading of this chapter, and see how the kingdom of God is pure joy and peace through the Holy Spirit, and how God will "fill us with all joy and peace in believing," "through the power of the Holy Ghost." Then try to realize that the Holy Spirit will give this joy and peace of Christ in our hearts. To many the thought of the Holy Spirit is a matter of grief and self-reproach, of desire and disappointment, of something too high and holy for them. What a foolish thought, that the great gift of the Father, meant to keep us in the joy and peace of Christ, should be a matter of self-reproach and care!



Remember Galatians v. 22, and listen attentively to the voice of the Spirit each day as He points to Jesus Christ, who offers you this wonderful fruit: "My Love, My Joy, My Peace." "On whom, though now ye see Him not, yet believing, ye rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory" (1 Pet. i. 8). Pray in all humility to the Holy Spirit, believing firmly that He will lead you into the joy of the Lord.

