## THE FULL GOSPEL ##

Scripture: "Then Peter said: Repent, . . . for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."—ACTS ii. 38.



When John the Baptist preached, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand," he also said: "He that cometh after me shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." When Christ preached the Gospel of the Kingdom, He said: "There are some standing here, who shall not see death till the kingdom of God has come in power." This is what happened at the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Peter preached, on the Day of Pentecost, the full Gospel of repentance and forgiveness of sins, and the gift of the Holy Spirit. This is indispensable in preaching the Gospel, for then only is it possible for a Christian to live in the will of God and to please Him in all things. The kingdom of God is righteousness (in Christ), and joy (in God) through the Holy Spirit. The continuous joy of which Christ speaks: "My joy," can only be obtained through the power of the Holy Ghost.



How often only half the Gospel is preached—conversion and forgiveness of sins, and souls are led no further into the truth— the knowledge and appropriation of the life of the Spirit within us is not mentioned. No wonder that so many Christians fail to understand that they must depend each day on the Spirit for the joy which will be their strength.



Dear Christian, accept this truth for yourself, as well as for those amongst whom you labor—that the daily enjoyment of the leading of God's Spirit is indispensable for a joyous life of faith. If you feel that there has been a lack in your spiritual life, then begin at once to pray the Father to grant you the gift of the Holy Spirit anew each day. Then trust yourself to His leading and guidance all the day. Let the remembrance of the text (Gal. v. 22) give you courage for all that the Holy Spirit will do for you. Regard your heart constantly as a garden of the Lord in which the Holy Spirit will bear abundant fruit to the glory of God.

