## LIFE ABUNDANT ##

Scripture: "Where sin abounded, grace did abound more exceedingly: that, as sin reigned in death, even so might grace reign through Jesus Christ our Lord."—ROM. v. 20, 21.



How little this truth is grasped or understood. That sin abounds we know full well. But do we believe that "grace abounds more exceedingly" and enables us to reign over sin? Yet it is absolutely necessary that we grasp this truth if we would have life abundant in Christ. Read 2 Cor. ix. 8, and observe the words "all" and "every," denoting abundance. "God is able to make all grace abound unto you; that ye, having always (without exception) all sufficiency in every thing (every possible need), may abound unto every good work." Dear Reader, say to yourself: "Is this abundant all-abounding life for me? Verily, if God is faithful it is possible for me! O God, write this truth upon my heart!"



Now take St. Paul's prayer in Col. i. 9-11, so that you may be able to pray it first for yourself and then for others—"We do not cease to pray and make request for you, that ye may be filled with the knowledge of His will in all spiritual wisdom and understanding, to walk worthily of the Lord unto all pleasing, bearing fruit in every good work, strengthened with all power, according to the might of His glory, unto all patience and longsuffering with joy" (cf. 1 John iii. 22). These words of the Holy Spirit are almost beyond our grasp. Let us continually take them to God that He Himself through His Holy Spirit may make them to live in our hearts. By them we shall attain to a firm and joyous faith. With such a God, with such abounding grace—much more abundant than the easily besetting sin—with such a Lord Jesus to give grace and cause grace to reign—thank God, I may believe that Life abundant is for me!

