## THE EVER-ABIDING SPIRIT ##

Scripture: "The Father shall give you another Comforter, that He may be with you for ever . . . He abideth with you, and shall be in you."—JOHN xiv. 16, 17 .



Each usually think of the abiding Presence of the Lord as promised to us. Christ distinctly says, "Abide in Me and I in you," "Abide ye in My love" (John xv.). In the above text He speaks of "abiding" as evidence of the indwelling and work of the Holy Spirit. Read the text over again, and you will see that Christ abiding in us and our abiding in Him—"ye in Me, and I in you"— is altogether dependent upon the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. Therefore it is of the greatest importance that we rightly grasp the fact of the ever-abiding indwelling of the Holy Spirit.



This can only be done, each day as we appear in God's Presence, by renewing and confessing our faith in the ever-abiding indwelling of the Spirit. It was as the Comforter that He was to compensate the disciples for the absence of Christ's physical Presence, and with this heavenly comfort He comforts us each hour. It is through Him we have Christ in our hearts, a living mighty force, animating and enlightening us and filling our lives. This can be ours if we come into touch with God in Christ each day, thus receiving fresh power to influence and bless others.



Oh, my brother! Begin the day with the Triune God. Take time to worship God in Christ. Take time to yield yourself to the Holy Spirit, and to count upon Him to accomplish a great work in you by making Christ ever present in you.

