## THE FULNESS OF CHRIST ##

Scripture: "And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us (and we beheld His glory, glory as of the only begotten from the Father), full of grace and truth. For of His fulness we all received, and grace for grace."—JOHN i. 14, 16.



Read these words again and again until you come under the impression of the supreme fulness of Christ. Let the Holy Spirit teach you to worship this Christ as the One in whom it dwells all the fulness of the Godhead.



I may receive a purse containing very little or nothing at all, or the purse may contain many golden pounds. There is a great difference between the two! And so with us as Christians. Some I receive Christ with the forgiveness of sin and the hope of heaven, I and know little of the fulness of Christ, and all the treasure there is in Him. Other Christians are not satisfied, but sacrifice all | things, until they can say, "Of His fulness have we received, and 1 grace for grace." St. Paul said: "I count all things loss for the I: excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord." Like the 1 merchant seeking goodly pearls, when he had found the pearl of I great price, sold all that he had in order to buy it, so the Christian I who grasps something of the fulness of Christ, the fulness of love § and joy, His holiness and obedience, His utter devotion to the • Father and to mankind, that Christian gives up all, that he may be limited to this Christ. Listen to our Lord's words: "These things I have I spoken unto you, that My joy might remain in you, and Ithat your joy might be full." "Your heart shall rejoice and your joy no man taketh away from you." "Ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full."



Dear Reader, do you know this Christ in whom all fulness dwells? Or do you live as a pauper, depending in a great measure upon the world for joy? It is God's will that Christ should fill all i things, even your heart and its needs. Let the Holy Spirit imprint deeply upon your heart the words of our text in all its fulness.

