## THE HEAVENLY LIFE ##

Scripture: "Ye died, and your life is hid with Christ in God. Christ is our life."—COL. in. 3, 4.



It is of the utmost importance for a Christian to know that the new life which he receives actually is the life of Christ which He lives in the Father. Our life, my life, is hid with Christ in God, and must daily be received anew, and preserved as a holy of holies.



It takes time, and quiet thought and prayer in any measure to grasp this great marvel, that the life Christ lives in the Father is the same life He lives in me. Christ does not live one life in the Father and another in me. His words are: "I live and ye shall live." "In that day ye shall know that I am in My Father, and ye in Me, and I in you." As He is in the Father, so are we in Him, and He in us. One divine life in the Father and in Christ and in me.



How little have we grasped this! How little trouble do we take to experience it. Here is the secret of the necessity of taking quiet time and prayerful meditation each day, to become deeply impressed with the truth that the Lord Jesus whose life is hid in God has also His life hid in me. It is only by taking time to realize that the glorious heavenly Christ lives in my heart that I shall truly live as a child of my Father in heaven.



When we allow God's Holy Spirit daily to keep alive in us that heavenly life in Christ, we shall grasp what it means to say, "I died with Christ, and I die daily to sin and self and the world, in order to make room for that glorious heavenly life that Christ actually lives in me." Then we shall experience, "our conversation is in heaven." Thus shall I have courage to believe that Christ lives in me and reigns and works that which is well pleasing to His Father. Thus shall my life be a humble and constant walk with God, in the fellowship of His holiness and His love.

