## INTERCESSION ##

Scripture: "If a man see his brother sinning, he shall ask, and God will give him life."—1 JOHN v. 16.



In the last night, when the Lord Jesus promised to send the Holy Spirit to His disciples, He said: "In that day ye shall know that I am in the Father, and ye in Me, and I in you." "Abide in Me, and I in you." "He that abideth in Me, and I in him, beareth much fruit." The things and the fruit thereof would be attained by prayer. They would pray and He would grant their desires.



He made a sevenfold promise: "Whatsoever ye shall ask in My name that will I do" (John xiv. 13). "If ye shall ask anything in My name, that will I do" (v. 14). "If My words abide in you, ask whatsoever ye will, and it shall be done unto you" (xv. 7).



"I appointed you that whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in My Name He may give it you" (xv. 16). "If ye shall ask anything of the Father, He will give it you in My name" (xvi. 23). "Ask and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full" (xvi. 24). "In that day ye shall ask in My name" (xvi. 26).



Read the above seven texts over and over until you are convinced that the believer who abides in Christ has the right to pray for souls, and that Christ and the Father will answer his prayer.



Remember, too, that you are a branch of the Heavenly Vine, not only for your own salvation, but that you may bear much fruit in the conversion of souls. It is as an intercessor that grace is granted you to pray for others, believing assuredly that God will answer you.



Think of the change that would come over a community if every believer in it would take time to pray for those who do not believe. How God would be glorified in our bearing much fruit! Dear child of God, take time to allow God to write these glorious promises upon your heart.

