## "THE BLOOD OF THE LAMB" ##

Scripture: "They have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. Therefore are they before the Throne of God, and they serve Him day and night in His temple."—REV. vii. 14,15.



When I am to be presented to a king in his palace, my garments must be in accordance with the rules of the Court. What I wear helps to give me liberty to approach an earthly monarch. If I am to appear before God and serve Him day and night in His temple, I must wear "a robe made white in the blood of the Lamb."



What a close relationship to the Lord Jesus it gives me when I know that He has bought me with His blood—paid so great a price for me! It gives me the assurance that He places a great value upon me and will preserve me so that I may appear in His presence, and serve Him day and night in His temple.



What new glory shines from the Throne of Grace, as the Lamb of God lives each day to make me acceptable to the Father, and I receive the abundant grace that I need to abound in good works! How attractive the inner chamber becomes, when we love and honor the Lamb on the Throne, and ask to be fitted for His service!



O Christian, just as you are clothed in suitable garments to meet royalty, so you must each day put on the white robe, which has been washed in the blood of the Lamb. You then become one of the royal priesthood who serve God, and intercede for souls, and for the whole world. The precious blood of Christ gives us access with boldness into God's presence. It links us closely to the Lord Jesus, and gives us the needed power that we may be a blessing to others. Even here on earth the word may be fulfilled in us: "Therefore are they before the Throne of God, and serve Him day and night in His temple."

