## THE MARRIAGE OF THE LAMB ##

Scripture: "And He saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they -which are bidden to the marriage supper of the Lamb."—REV. xix. 9.



All who rejoice in Salvation are called to the marriage of the Lamb, not merely as spectators, but unitedly they form the bride of the Lamb. We read that when one of the angels said, "Come, and I will show you the bride, the wife of the Lamb," he showed the Holy Jerusalem descending from heaven from God, and she had the glory of God, and the nations who shall be saved, walk in her light. The time of the marriage feast of the Lamb will be when Christ presents His redeemed people as one body to the Father, and they are taken up to sit with Him on the Throne eternally.



When the prodigal son returned to his home, his father made a feast, where all rejoiced together over the return of the son who had been dead, and now was alive again. What joy there will be when the Everlasting Love that gave itself for us on the cross shall celebrate its triumph and the glory of God, and the revelation of the love of God, that passeth all understanding!



When we are invited to the wedding of a distinguished person we take great care to be arrayed in suitable wedding garments. What concern then, mingled with joy, should there be in the hearts of those who are called to the marriage supper of the Lamb! O child of God, if you really cherish the joyful hope of sitting at the marriage feast of the Lamb, will you not each day make use of the unspeakable privilege of approaching the Throne of Grace? Will you not entrust yourself, in loving surrender, to Him, and pray for grace that each day the way may be made more ready for the great heavenly marriage feast of the Lamb? Do not only prepare yourself; but seek for grace that you may win others, and bring them as well to partake of the feast of Everlasting Love.

