## THE THRONE OF GOD AND OF THE LAMB ##

Scripture: "He showed me a river of water of life, bright as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb."—REV. xxii. 1.



What does the river of water of life signify? Nothing less than the Holy Spirit, which was not given until the Lamb was in the midst of the Throne.



Where does the river of the water of life flow? Through the whole earth. It gives us according to our faith and desire that which Christ has promised, a fountain springing up to eternal life. It gives streams of living water to each one who believes in Him fully. It surrounds us all, but through slowness and worldliness we are unable to grasp it and enjoy it.



This may be made clear to us by means of a parable. When Senator Marconi discovered the means for wireless telegraphy, he found that waves of ether were streaming through the whole world. He discovered that he could entrust a message to these waves, and it would be conveyed to distant places. When he sent his first message from England to Italy, it passed through France, where there were millions of people who had no idea that any such message was passing. The message was heard and understood only when it reached the reception station which had been prepared for it in Italy.



Just so are we surrounded by the waves of the river of the water of eternal life without being aware of it. Yes, the waves of heavenly grace, of life and power, of love and joy, surround us, and we know it not. Marconi spent years in trying to learn the secret of wireless telegraphy. It is only as we seek with an undivided heart that our eyes will be opened, to see that the waves of the life-stream flowing from the throne of God and the Lamb really do surround us, and are for our daily use.



O Christian, take time to worship God and the Lamb in the midst of the Throne, and to be filled with their glory, and you will realize that the Holy Spirit as a stream of living water sur¬rounds you each day, and will be in you a fountain springing up to eternal life, and as a stream flowing from you in blessing to others. How wonderful it will be to see the Lamb in the midst of the Throne of God, and the water of life, that flows from beneath the Throne.

