## TAKE TIME WITH GOD ##

Scripture: "To everything there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven."—ECCLES. iii. 1.



It should be the aim of every Christian to set aside a little time each day for quiet communion with God. A time for everything—and shall there be no time to spend in the presence of the Creator of all things? No time to contemplate His will and purposes for us? The holy, loving God is indeed worthy of the best of our time—of all of our time. We should live in constant fellowship with Him, but each day there should be a special time of quiet when we are with Him alone.



We need a period daily for secret fellowship. Time to turn from daily occupation and search our hearts in His presence. Time to study His Word with reverence and godly fear. Time to seek His face and ask Him to make Himself known to us. Time to wait until we know that He sees and hears us so that we can make our wants known to Him in words that come from the depth of our hearts. Time to let God deal with our special needs, to let His light shine in our hearts, to let ourselves be filled with His Spirit!



What do you think? Will it be possible to give a quarter of an hour each day for this purpose? If you are unwilling to make such an arrangement you must not be surprised if your spiritual life is enfeebled and becomes ineffective. Fellowship with God should have a first claim on your time, and if you will only arrange for this brief intercourse with God you will soon learn to value it. It will not be long before you feel ashamed that there was ever a time when you thought fifteen minutes would suffice.



Everything on earth needs time. Think of the hours per day for so many years that a child spends at school gathering the rudiments of knowledge that he may cope with this life. How much longer then should we spend in learning from God for life everlasing?



O Christian, give the holy, gracious God all the time you can until His light and life and love fill your whole life and you abide in Christ and His love through His Word and through prayer.

