## OUR LOVE TO THE BRETHREN ##

Scripture: "This is My commandment, that ye love one another, even as I have loved you."—JOHN xv. 12.



So many people deem it quite impossible to keep this command, that they do not even attempt to keep it. But one who reads prayerfully and carefully the last two chapters of this book will see that the Lord has indeed made provision for the fulfilment of this command. The reader will learn that the great love wherewith the Father loved the Son is the love with which Christ loves us. Even as the love of the Father in the Son was His whole life, and worked with a divine power in Him, so the relationship between the Lord Jesus and ourselves is the same. As He loves us, His love comes to abide in us, because He Himself dwells within us.



Even the world agrees that if a man says, "I love God," and hates his brother, he is a liar; for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen? Hatred toward a brother is a sign that a man does not love God. Love toward a brother is an indication that he loves God.



Let us try to understand what the Lord really means by this command. He came to earth to make known God's love to us. He was returning to the Father. He had revealed the love of God the Father, and would leave this love on earth in charge of His disciples. He said to them: "Love one another, as I have loved you." Remember that through the Holy Spirit, whom I will send, I am dwelling within you and will enable you to love the brethren with My own love. I dwell in each one of My disciples. As you love others in the power of My love, they will also grow strong to love. And this will be a powerful sign that My love is in you, when the world is convinced, that as in Me, so in you, the Father has shed abroad His love.



Child of God, bow at the feet of your blessed Lord, and worship and adore Him for His wonderful grace, and He will take up His abode in your heart, in the love of the Father, and give you the love wherewith to love your brethren, and so prove to the world that God is truly in our midst.

