## THE WORD OF GOD ##

Scripture: "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God,"—MATT, iv. 4.



The illustration that our Lord uses, in which the Word of God is compared to our daily bread, is most instructive. Bread is indispensable to life. We all understand this. However strong a person may be, if he takes no nourishment, he will grow weaker, and life will become extinct. Even so with the Word of God. It contains a heavenly principle, and works pow¬erfully in them that believe.

Bread must be eaten. I may know all about bread. I may have bread, and may give it to others. I may have bread in my house and on my table in great abundance, but that will not help me; if through illness I am unable to eat it, I shall die. And so a mere knowledge of God's Word and even the preaching of it to others will not avail me. It is not enough to think about it, I must feed on God's Word, and take it into my heart and life. In love and obedience I must appropriate the words of God, and let them take full possession of my heart. Then they will indeed be words of life.

Bread must be eaten daily. And the same is true of God's Word. The Psalmist says: "Blessed is the man whose delight is in the law of the Lord; and in His law doth he meditate day and night." "O how I love Thy law; it is my meditation all the day." To secure a strong and powerful spiritual life God's Word every day is indispensable.

When on earth the Lord Jesus learned, loved, and obeyed the word of the Father. And if you seek fellowship with Him. you will find Him in His Word. Christ will teach you to com¬mune with the Father, through the Word, even as was His custom. You will learn, like Him, to live solely for the glory of God and the fulfilment of His Word.

