## OBEDIENCE ##

Scripture: 'Obey My voice… and I will be your God."—JER. xi. 4.



God gave this command to Israel when He gave them the law. But Israel had no power to keep the law. So God gave them a "new covenant," to enable His people to live a life of obedience. We read (Jer. xxxi. 33), "I will write My law in their hearts" (Jer. xxxii. 40), "I will put My fear in their heart, that they shall not depart from Me." (Ezek. xxxvi. 27), "I will cause you to walk in My statutes." These wonderful promises gave the assurance that obedience would be their delight.

Let us listen to what the Lord Jesus says about obedience (John xiv. 21-23). "He that keepeth My commandments, he it is that loveth Me; and he that loveth Me shall be loved of My Father, and I will love him, and We will make our abode with him." And in John xv. 10, "If ye keep My commandments, ye shall abide in My love." These words are an inexhaustible trea¬sure. Faith can firmly trust Christ to enable us to live such a life of love and of obedience.

No father can train his children unless they are obedient. No teacher can teach a child who continues to disobey him. No general can lead his soldiers to victory without prompt obedience. Pray God to imprint this lesson on your heart: the life of faith is a life of obedience. As Christ lived in obedience to the Father, so we too need obedience for a life in the love of God.

Alas, the thought is too common: "I cannot be obedient, it is quite impossible." Yes, impossible to you, but not to God. He has promised "to cause you to walk in His statutes." Pray and meditate on these words, and the Holy Spirit will enlighten your eyes, so that you will have power to do God's will. Let your fellowship with the Father and with the Lord Jesus Christ have as its one aim and object—a life of quiet, determined, unques¬tioning obedience.

