## THE HOLY SPIRIT ##

Scripture: "He shall glorify Me; for He shall receive of Mine, and shew it unto you."—JOHN xvi. 14.



Our Lord, in the last night that He was with His disciples, promised to send the Holy Spirit as a Comforter. Although His bodily presence was removed, they would realize His presence in them and with them in a wonderful way. The Holy Spirit as God, would so reveal Christ in their hearts, that they would experience His presence with them continually. The Spirit would glorify Christ, and would reveal the glorified Christ in heavenly love and power.

How little do Christians understand and believe and experience this glorious truth. We should fail in our duty as ministers, if in a little book like this, or in our preaching, we encouraged Christians to love the Lord Jesus, without at the same time warning them that it is not a duty they can perform in their own strength. No, that is impossible; it is God, the Holy Spirit alone, who will shed abroad His love in our hearts, and teach us to love Him fervently. Through the Holy Spirit we may experience the love and abiding presence of the Lord Jesus all the day.

But let us remember that the Spirit as God must have entire possession of us. He claims our whole heart and life. He will strengthen us with might in the inner man, so that we have fellowship with Christ, and keep His commandments, and abide in His love.

When once we have grasped this truth, we will begin to feel our deep dependence on the Holy Spirit, and pray the Father to send Him in power into our hearts. The Spirit will teach us to love the Word, to meditate on it and to keep it. He will re¬veal the love of Christ to us, that we may love Him with a pure heart fervently.

Then we shall begin to see that a life in the love of Christ in the midst of our daily life and distractions is a glorious possibility and a blessed reality.

