## THE SPIRIT OF LOVE ##

Scripture: "The love of God is shed abroad i» OUT hearts, by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us."—ROM. v. 5.



The thought sometimes arises, as we consider Christ's love to us, our love to Christ, our love to the brethren or to souls around us:—the demand is too great, it is unattainable, it is impossible for a Christian to live this life of love, and to show it to the brethren and to needy souls. And because we deem it impossible, and because of our unbelief and lack of faith in God's promises, we make little progress in this spirit of love.

We need continually to remind ourselves that it is not in our own strength, or even by serious thought that we can attain to the love of Christ. We must realize the truth that the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts, and will daily afresh be poured out by the Spirit of God. It is only as we are wholly surrendered to the leading of the Spirit that we will be able to live according to God's will. When the inner life of love is renewed from day to day we shall feel compelled to work for souls.

Here is a prayer that you can offer: "I bow my knees unto the Father, that He would grant you, to be strengthened with might by His Spirit in the inner man, that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may know the low of Christ which passeth knowledge," You may be rooted and grounded in this love, and know the love that passeth knowledge—but on one condition—you must be strength¬ened by the Spirit in the inner man, so that Christ may dwell in your heart. Then you will indeed be rooted and grounded in love.

Christian, take this message from God's Word, and let it influence your life. Unless you wait upon God daily on your knees, for His Spirit to be revealed in your heart, you cannot I've in this love. A life of prayer will make a life in the love of Christ, in the love of the brethren, in love to souls, a blessed reality in your experience.

Put your confidence each day in secret in the Holy Spirit— the Spirit of love which Cod will give to those who ask in faith.

