## THE WORLD ##

Scripture: "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him." —1 JOHN ii. xv.



John teaches us clearly what he means by the world. He says: "All that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the Father, but is of the world" (1 John ii. 16).

The world is that disposition or power under which man has fallen through sin. And the god of this world, in order to deceive man, conceals himself under the form of what God has created. The world with its pleasures surrounds the Christian each day with temptations.

This was the case with Eve in the Garden of Eden. We find in Genesis iii, the three characteristics which John mentions: 1. The lust of the flesh—"The woman saw the tree that it was good for food." 2. The lust of the eyes—"It was pleasant to the eyes." 3. The pride of life—"A tree to be desired to make one wise." And the world still comes to us offering desirable food and much to please the fleshly appetites. And much that the eye desires, riches and beauty and luxury. And the pride of life, when a man imagines he knows and understands everything, and prides himself on it.

Is our life in the world not full of danger, with the allurements °f the flesh,—so much to occupy our eyes and our hearts, so much worldly wisdom and knowledge?

So John tells us: "Love not the world, for then the love of the Father is not in you." And our Lord calls us, as He called His disciples of old, to leave all and follow Him.

Christian, you live in a dangerous world. Cleave fast to the Lord Jesus. As He teaches you to shun the world and its attractions, your love will go out to Him in loyal-hearted service. But remember—There must be daily fellowship with Jesus. His love alone can expel the love of the world. Take time to be alone with your Lord.

