## PAUL AS AN INTERCESSOR ##

Scripture: "I bow my knees unto the Father, that He would grant you to be strengthened with might by His Spirit." — EPH. iii. 14, 16.



We think of Paul as the great Missionary, the great Preacher, the great Writer, the great Apostle "in labours more abundant." We do not sufficiently think of him as the Intercessor, who sought and obtained, by his supplication, the power that rested upon all his other activities, and brought down the blessing that rested on the churches that he served.

We see above what he wrote to the Ephesians. Think of what he said to the Thessalonians (1 Thess. iii. 10, 13): "Night and day praying exceedingly, that we might perfect that which is lacking in your faith, to the end He may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness." To the Romans (chap. i. 9): "Without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers." To the Philippians (chap. i. 4): "Always in every prayer of mine for you all, making request with joy." And to the Colossians (chap. i. 9 ; ii. 1 ): "We do not cease to pray for you. I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you."

Day and night he cried to God in his intercession for them, that the light and the power of the Holy Spirit might be in them; and as earnestly as he believed in the power of his intercession for them, did he also believe in the blessing that theirs would bring upon him. "I beseech you, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me" (Rom. xv. 30). "God will yet deliver us, ye also helping together by prayer for us" (2 Cor. i. 10, 11). "Praying also for me, that I may open my mouth boldly" (Eph. vi. 18, 19; Col. iv. 3; 2 Thess. iii. 1). "This shall turn to my salvation through your prayer" (Phil, i 19).

The whole relationship between pastor and people depends on the united continual prayerfulness. Their whole relationship to each other is a heavenly one, spiritual and Divine, and can only be maintained by unceasing prayer. It is when ministers and people waken up to the consciousness that the power and blessing of the Holy Ghost is waiting for their united and unceasing prayer, that the Church will begin to know something of what Pentecostal Apostolic Christianity is.

Ever blessed Father, we do most humbly beseech Thee, restore again graciously to Thy Church the spirit of supplication, and intercession — for Jesus' sake. AMEN.

