## INTERCESSION AND ADORATION ##

Scripture: "Worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness."—Ps xcvi 9.



The better we know God the more wonderful becomes our insight into the power of intercession. We begin to under¬stand that it is the great means by which man can take part in the carrying out of God's purpose. God has entrusted the whole of His redemption in Christ to His people to make known and to communicate to men. In all this, intercession is the chief and essential element; because it is in it that His servants enter into the full fellowship with Christ, and receive the power of the Spirit and of Heaven as their power for service.

It is easy to see why God had so ordered it. In very deed God desires to renew us after His image and likeness. And there is no other way to do this but by our making His desires our own, so that we breathe His disposition; and in love sacrifice ourselves, so that we may become, in a measure, even like Christ, "ever living to make intercession." Such can be the life of the consecrated believer.

The clearer the insight into this great purpose of God, the more will the need be felt to enter very truly into God's Presence in the spirit of humble worship and holy adoration. The more we thus take time to abide in God's Presence, to enter fully into His mind and will, to get our whole soul possessed by the thought of His glorious purpose, the stronger will our faith be¬come that God will Himself work out all the good pleasure of His will through our prayers. As the glory of God shines upon us, we shall become conscious of the depths of our helplessness; and so rise up into the faith that believes that God will do above all that we can ask or think.

Intercession will lead to the feeling of the need of a deeper adoration. Adoration will give new power for intercession. A true intercession and a deeper adoration will ever be found to be inseparable.

The secret of true adoration can only be known by the soul I that gives time to tarry in God's presence, and that yields itself to God for Him to reveal Himself. Adoration will indeed fit for the great work of making God's glory known.

"Oh, come let us worship and bow down, let us kneel before the Lord our Maker; for He is our God."

"Give unto the Lord the glory due unto His name."

