## THE LIGHT OF GOD'S COUNTENANCE ##

Scripture: "God is light."—1 JOHN i. 5."The Lord is my light."—Ps. xxvii. 1.



Every morning the sun rises, and we walk in its light and perform our daily duties with gladness. Whether we think of it or not, the light of the sun shines on us all day.

Every morning the light of God shines upon His children. But in order to enjoy the light of God's countenance, the soul must turn to God and trust Him to let His light shine upon it.

When there is a shipwreck at midnight, with what longing the mariners look for the morning! How often the sigh goes up, When will the day break? Even so must the Christian wait upon God, and rest patiently until His light shines upon him.

"My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning" (Ps. cxxx. 6).

O my soul, begin each day with one of the prayers:

"Make Thy face to shine upon Thy servant" (Ps. xxxi. 16).

"Lord, lift Thou up the light of Thy countenance upon us" (Ps. iv. 6).

"Cause Thy face to shine, and we shall be saved" (Ps. Ixxx. 3, 7, 19).

Do not rest until you know that the light of His countenance and His blessing is resting on you. Then you will experience the truth of the word: "They walk in the light of Thy countenance; in Thy name do they rejoice all the day" (Ps. Ixxxix. 15, 16).

Children of God, do believe that it is the ardent longing of your Father that you should dwell and rejoice in His light all the day. Just as you need the light of the sun each hour, so the heavenly light, the light of the countenance of the Father is indispensable. As sure as it is that we receive and enjoy the light of the sun, so confidently may we count on it that God is longing to let His light shine on us.

Even when there are clouds, we still have the sun. So in the midst of difficulties the light of God will rest upon you without ceasing. If you are sure that the sun has risen, you count upon the light all the day. Make sure that the light of God shines upon you in the morning, and you can count upon that light being with you all the day.

Rest not till you have said: "There be many that say 'Who will show us any good!" Lord, lift Thou up the light of Thy countenance upon us." Take time, take time, till lhat light shines in your heart, and you can truly say:

"The Lord is my light and my salvation" (Ps. xxvii. 1).

