## FAITH IN GOD ##

Scripture: "Jesus said unto them: 'Have faith in God.' "—MARK xi. 22.



As the eye is the organ by which we see the light and rejoice in it, so faith is the power by which we see the light of God and walk in it.

Man was made for God, in His likeness; his whole being formed after the Divine pattern. Just think of his wonderful power of thinking out all the thoughts of God hidden in nature. Think of the heart, with its unlimited powers of self-sacrifice and love. Man was made for God, to seek Him, to find Him, to grow up into His likeness and show forth His glory; in the fullest sense to be His dwelling. And faith is the eye which, turning away from the world and self, looks up to God and in His light sees light. To faith God reveals Himself.

How often we toil and try to waken thoughts and feelings concerning God, which are but a faint shadow, and we forget "to gaze on the Incomparable Original."

Could we but realize it, in the depth of our soul God reveals Himself.

Without faith it is impossible to please God, or to know Him. In our quiet time we have to pray to our Father which is in secret. There "He hides us in the secret of His pavilion." And there, as we wait and worship before Him, He will in very deed, just as the light by its very nature reveals itself, let His light shine into our heart.

Let our one desire be to take time and be still before God, believing with an unbounded faith in His longing to make Himself known to us. Let us feed on God's Word, to make us strong |n faith. Let that faith have large thoughts of what God's glory is; of what His power is to reveal Himself to us; of what His longing love is to get complete possession of us.

Such faith, exercised and strengthened day by day in secret fellowship with God, will become the habit of our life, keeping us ever in the enjoyment of His presence and the experience of His saving power.

"Abraham was strong in faith, giving glory to God; being fully persuaded that, what He had promised, He was able also to Perform" (Rom. iv. 20, 21).

"I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me"(Acts xxvii. 25).

"Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and He shall strengthen thine heart, wait, I say, on the Lord" (Ps. xvii. 14).

