## A PERFECT HEART ##

Scripture: "For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show Himself strong in behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward Him.—2 CHRON. xvi. 9.



In worldly matters we know how important it is that work should be done with the whole heart. In the spiritual region this rule still holds good inexorably. God has given the commandment: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart and with all thy might" (Deut. vi. 5). And in Jer. xxix. 13, "Ye shall seek Me, and find Me, when ye shall search for Me with all your heart."

It is amazing that earnest Christians, who attend to their daily work with all their hearts, are so content to take things easy in the service of God. They do not realize that if anywhere, they should give themselves to God's service with all the power of their will.

In the words of our text we get an insight into the absolute necessity of seeking God with a perfect heart. "The eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show Himself strong in behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward Him."

What an encouragement this should be to us to humbly wait upon God with an upright heart; we may be assured that His eye will be upon us, and will show forth His mighty power in us and in our work.

O Christian, have you learnt this lesson in your worship of God—to yield yourself each morning with your whole heart to do God's will? Pray each prayer with a perfect heart, in true whole-hearted devotion to Him; and then in faith expect the power of God to work in you and through you.

Remember that to come to this, you must begin by being silent before God, till you realize that He is indeed working m secret in your heart.

"I wait for my God" (Ps. Ixix. 3).

"In the secret of His tabernacle shall He hide me" (Ps. ii. 5).

