## GOD INCOMPREHENSIBLE ##

Scripture: "Behold, God is great, and we know Him not. The Al¬mighty, we cannot find Him out: He is excellent in power."—. JOB xxxvi. 26, xxxvii. 23.



This attribute of God as a Spirit whose being and glory are entirely beyond our power of apprehension is one that we ponder all too little. And yet in the spiritual life it is of the utmost importance to feel deeply that, as the heavens are high above the earth, so God's thoughts and ways are infinitely exalted beyond all our thought.

With what deep humility and holy reverence it becomes us to look up to God, and then with childlike simplicity to yield ourselves to the teaching of His Holy Spirit.

"Oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowl¬edge of God! How unsearchable are His judgments and His ways past finding out" (Rom. xi. 33).

Let our hearts respond, "O Lord, O God of gods, how won¬derful art Thou in all Thy thoughts, and Thy purposes how deep." The study of what God is, ought ever to fill us with holy awe, and the sacred longing to know and honour Him aright.

Just think—

His Greatness……Incomprehensible.

His Might……Incomprehensible.

His Omnipresence……Incomprehensible.

His Wisdom……Incomprehensible.

His Holiness……Incomprehensible.

His Mercy……Incomprehensible.

His Love……Incomprehensible..

As we worship, let us cry out: What an inconceivable glory is in this Great Being who is my God and Father! Confess with shame how little you have sought to know Him aright, or to wait upon Him to reveal Himself. Begin in faith to trust that in a way passing all understanding, this Incomprehensible and All-Glorious God will work in your heart and life, and give you in ever-growing measure to know Him aright.

"Mine eyes are unto Thee, O God the Lord; in Thee is my trust" (Ps. cxli. 8).

"Be still, and know that I am God" (Ps. xlvi. 10).

