## THE HOLINESS OF GOD (O. T.) ##

Scripture: "Be holy, for I am holy." "I am the Lord, that made you "—LEV. xi. 45, xix. 2, xx. 7, 8, xxi. 8, 15, 23, xxii. 9, 16.



Nine times these words are repeated in Leviticus. Israel had to learn that as holiness is the highest and most glorious attribute of God, so it must be the marked characteristic of His people. He that would know God aright, and meet Him in secret, must above all desire to be holy as He is holy. The priests who were to have access to God had to be set apart for a life of holiness.

Even so also the prophet who was to speak for Him (Isa. vi.). Listen. "I saw the Lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up. And the seraphs cried one unto another: 'Holy holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts.' " The voice of adoration; bow in deep reverence.

"Then said I: 'Woe is me, for I am undone; for mine eyes have seen the King, the Lord of Hosts.'" The voice of a broken, contrite heart.

Then one of the seraphim touched his mouth with a live coal from off the altar, and said; 'Lo, thine iniquity is taken from thee, and thy sin is purged.' " The voice of grace and full redemption.

Then follows the voice of God: "Whom shall I send?" And the willing answer is, "Here am I, send me." Pause with holy fear, and ask God to reveal Himself as the Holy One.

"Thus saith the high and lofty One, that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy: 'I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit.'" (Isa. Ivii. 15).

Be still, and take time and worship God in His great glory, and in that deep condescension in which He longs and offers to dwell with us and in us.

Child of God, if you would meet your Father in secret, bow low and worship Him in the glory of His holiness. Give Him time to make Himself known to you.

It is indeed an unspeakable grace to know God as the Holy One.

"Ye shall be holy: for I the Lord your God am holy."

"Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts."

"Worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness."

"Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us" (Ps. xc. 17).

