## THE PSALMS ##

Scripture: "How sweet are Thy words unto my taste! yea, sweetg, than honey to my mouth!"—Ps. cxix. 103.



This book seeks to help us to worship God. Of the sixty-six books in the Bible, the Book of Psalms is given us es¬pecially for this purpose. The other books are historical or doctrinal, or practical. But the Psalms take us into the inner sanctuary of God's holy presence, to enjoy the blessedness of fellowship with Him. It is a book of devotions inspired by the Holy Spirit.

Would you each morning truly meet God and worship Him in spirit and in truth, then let your heart be filled with the Word of God in the Psalms.

As you read the Psalms, underline the word "Lord" or "God," wherever it occurs, and also the pronouns referring to God, "I," "Thou," "He." This will help to connect the contents of the Psalm with God, who is the object of all prayer, When you have taken the trouble to mark the different names of God, you will find that more than one difficult Psalm will have light shed upon it. These underlined words will make God the central thought, and lead you to a new worship of Him, Take them upon your lips and speak them out before Him. Your faith will anew be strengthened to realize how God is your strength and help in all circumstances of life.

The Psalms, as the Holy Spirit of old taught God's people to pray, will, by the power of that Spirit, teach us, too, ever to abide in God's presence.

Then take Psalm cxix. Every time that the word "Lord," or "Thou." or "Thy" occurs, underline it. You will be surprised to find that each verse contains these words once, or more than once. Meditate on the thought that the God who is found throughout the whole Psalm is the same God who gives us His law, and will enable us to keep it.

The Psalm will soon become one of the most beloved, and you will find its prayers and its teaching concerning God's Word drawing you continually up to God, in the blessed consciousness of His power and love.

Oh, how love I Thy law! It is my meditation all the day" (Ps. cxix 97).

