## THE PRAISE OP GOD ##

Scripture: "Praise is comely for the upright."—Ps. xxxiii. 1.



Praise will ever be a part of Adoration. Adoration, when it has entered God's presence, and had fellowship with Him, will ever lead to the praise of His name. Let praise be a part of the incense we bring before God in our quiet time.



It was when the children of Israel, at their birth as the people of God at the Red Sea, had been delivered from the power of Egypt, that in the song of Moses the joy of redemption burst forth in the song of praise:



"Who is like unto Thee, O Lord, among the gods? Who is like Thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?"



In the Psalms we see what a large place praise ought to have in the spiritual life. There are more than sixty Psalms of praise, becoming more frequent as the Book draws to its close. See Ps. xcv.-ci., ciii.-cvii., cxi.-cxviii., cxxxiv.-cxxxviii., cxliv.-cl. The last five are Hallelujah psalms, with the word, "Praise ye the Lord," as the beginning and the ending. And the very last repeats, "praise Him," twice in every verse, and ends, "Let everything that hath breath praise the Lord."

'Let us take time to study this until our whole heart and life be one continual song of praise:

"I will bless the Lord at all times; His praise shall continually be in my mouth." "Every day will I bless Thee." I will sing praises unto my God while I have my being."



With the coming of Christ into the world, there was a new outburst of praise in the song of the angels, the song of Mary, the song of Zechariah, and the song of Simeon.



And then we find in the song of Moses and the Lamb (Rev. xv. 3) the praise of God filling creation: "Great and marvellous are Thy works, Lord God Almighty. Who shall not fear Thee, O Lord, and glorify Thy Name? for Thou only art holy"; ending (Rev. xix. 1-6) with the fourfold "Hallelujah, Amen!" "For the Lord our God, the Almighty, reigneth."



O child of God, let the inner chamber, and the quiet time with God, ever lead the heart to unceasing praise.

