## THE NEW COVENANT IN EZEKIEL ##

Scripture: "I will sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean-from all your filthiness will I cleanse you. And I will put Jlfj Spirit within you, and cause you to -walk in My statutes, and ye shall keep My judgment."—EZEK. xxxvi. 25-27.



Here we have the same promise as in Jeremiah, the promise of such a heart cleansing from sin, and such a gift of the Spirit in the new heart, as would secure their walking in His statutes and keeping His judgments. Just as in Jeremiah God had said: "I will put My law in their inward parts, and put my fear in their hearts, that they shall not depart from Me," so here: "I will cause you to walk in My Statutes, and ye shall keep My judgments." In contrast with the old covenant, in which there was no power to enable them to continue in God's law, the great mark of the new covenant would be a Divine power enabling them to walk in His Statutes and keep His judgments.



"Where sin abounded, grace did much more abound," working whole-hearted allegiance and obedience. Why is this so little experienced ? The answer is very simple: The promise is not believed, is not preached; its fulfilment is not expected. And yet how clearly we have it in a passage like Romans viii. 1-4. There the man who had complained of the power "bringing him into captivity under the law of sin," thanks God that he is "now in Christ Jesus"; and that "the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made him free from the law of sin and death," so that the requirement of the law is fulfilled in all who walk after the Spirit.



Once again, why are there so few who can give such testi¬mony, and what is to be clone to attain to it? Just one thing is needed—the faith in an omnipotent God, who will by His won¬derful power do what He has promised: "I the Lord have spoken it, and will do it." Oh, let us begin to believe that the promise will come true: "I will cleanse you from all your filthiness, and ye shall be clean; and will cause you to walk in My statutes, and ye shall keep them." Let us believe all that God here promises, and God will do it. To an extent beyond all power of thought, God has made His great and glorious promises dependent on our faith! And the promises will work that faith as we believe them. "According to your faith, be it unto you." Let us this very day put it to the proof.

