## PRAYER IN THE NAME OF CHRIST ##

Scripture: "Whatsoever ye shall ask in My Name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son."—JOHN xiv. 13.



How wonderful the link between our prayers and Christ's glorifying the Father in heaven. Much prayer on earth brings Him much glory in heaven. Much prayer on earth far as we are concerned, little glory to the Father. What an incentive to much prayer, to unceasing intercession. Our prayer is indispensable to the glorifying of the Father.



So deep was the desire of Christ in the last night that His disciples should learn to believe in the power of His Name, and to avail themselves of His promise of a sure and abundant answer, that we find the promise repeated seven times over. He knew how slow men are to believe in the wonderful promise of answer to prayer in His name. He longs to rouse a large and confident faith, and to free our prayer from every shadow of a doubt, and to teach us to look upon intercession as the most certain and most blessed way of bringing glory to God, joy to our own souls, and blessing to the perishing world around us.



And if the thought comes to us that such prayer is not easy of attainment, we only need to remember what Christ told them. It was when the Holy Spirit came that they would have power thus to pray. It is to draw us on to yield ourselves fully to the control of the blessed Spirit that He holds out to us the precious promise, "Ask and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full." As we believe in the power of the Spirit working in us in full measure, intercession will become to us the joy and the strength of all our service.



When Paul wrote (Col iii. 17), "Whatsoever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus," he reminds us how in daily life everything is to bear the signature of the name of Jesus. It is as we learn to do this, that we shall have the con¬fidence to say to the Father that as we live in that Name before men we come to Him with the full confidence that our prayer in that name will be answered. The life in intercourse with men is to be one with the life in intercourse with God. It is when the name of Jesus rules all in our life that it will give power to our prayer too.

