## THE FLESH CRUCIFIED ##

Scripture: "They that are in Christ Jesus have crucified the flesh with the passions and the lusts thereof."—GAL. v. 24.



Of the flesh Paul teaches us (Rom. vii. 18), "In me, that is, in my flesh, dwelleth no good thing." And again (Rom. viii. 7), "The mind of the flesh in enmity aqainst God; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can it be." When Adam lost the Spirit of God, he became flesh. Flesh is the ex¬pression for the evil, corrupt nature that we inherit from Adam. Of this flesh it is written, "Our old man was crucified with Him" (Rom. vi. 6). And Paul puts it here even more strongly, "They that are in Christ Jesus have crucified the flesh."



When the disciples heard and obeyed the call of Jesus to follow Him, they honestly meant to do so, but as He later on taught them what that would imply, they were far from being ready to yield immediate obedience. And even so those who are Christ's and have accepted Him as the Crucified One, little understand what that includes. By that act of surrender they actually have crucified the flesh, and consented to regard it as an accursed thing, nailed to the cross of Christ.



Alas, how many there are who have never for a moment thought of such a thing! It may be that the preaching of Christ crucified has been defective. It may be that the truth of our being crucified with Christ has not been taught. They shrink back from the self-denial that it implies, and as a result, where the flesh is allowed in any measure to have its way, the Spirit of Christ cannot exert His power.



Paul taught the Galations: "Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lusts of the flesh." "As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the children of God." And the Spirit can alone guide us as the flesh, in living faith and fellowship with Christ Jesus, is kept in the place of crucifixion.



Blessed Lord, how little I understood when I accepted Thee in faith that I crucified once for all the flesh with its passions and lusts! I beseech Thee humbly, teach me so to believe and so to live in Thee, the Crucified One, that with Paul I may ever glory in the cross on which the world and the flesh are crucified.

