## A GRAIN Of WHEAT ##

Scripture: Verily, verity, I say unto you, Except a grain of -wheat fall into the earth and die, it abideth by itself alone; but if it die, it beard k much fruit. He that loveth his life loseth it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal."— JOHN xii. 24, 25. R. V.



All nature is the parable of how the losing of a life can be the way of securing a truer and a higher life. Every grain of wheat, every seed throughout the world, teaches the lesson that through death lies the path to beautiful and fruitful life.



It was so with the Son of God. He had to pass through death in all its bitterness and suffering, before He could rise to heaven and impart His life to His redeemed people. And here under the shadow of the approaching cross He calls His disciples: "If any man will serve Me, let him follow Me." He repeats the words: "He that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal."



One might have thought that Christ did not need to lose His holy life ere He could find it again. But so it was: God had laid upon Him the iniquity of us all, and he yielded to the in¬exorable law: Through death to life and to fruit.



How much more ought we, in the consciousness of that evil nature and that death which we inherited in Adam, be willing, yea, most grateful that there is a way open to us by which, in the fellowship of Christ and His cross, we can die to this accursed self! With what gratitude ought we to listen to the call to bear our cross, to yield our "old man" as crucified with Christ daily to that death which he deserves! Surely the thought that the power of the eternal Life is working in us, ought to make us willing and glad to die the death that brings us into the fellowship and the power of life in a risen Christ.



Alas, how little this is understood! Let us believe that what is impossible to man is possible to God. Let us believe that the law of the Spirit of Christ Jesus, the Risen Lord, can in very deed make His death and His life the daily experience of our souls.

