## THE NECESSITY OF LOVE ##

Scripture: "If ye love me, keep my commandments.And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter,......Even the Spirit of truth."--John 14:15-17 "But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law."--Galatians 22-23



"This necessity is absolute and unchangeable. No creature can be a child of God, but because the Goodness of God is in it; nor can it have any union or communion with the Goodness of the Deity, till its Life is a Spirit of Love. This is the one only bond of union between God and the creature. For as God is an immutable Will to all goodness, so the Divine Will can unite or work with no creaturely will but that which wills with Him only that which is good. For as the will to all goodness is the whole Nature of God, so it must be the whole Nature of every service or religion that can be acceptable to Him, for nothing serves God, or worships and adores Him, but that which wills and works with Him. For God can delight in nothing but His own will, and His own Spirit, because all goodness is included in it and can be nowhere else. And therefore everything that follows an own will, or an own spirit, forsakes the one Will to all Goodness, and whilst it does so has no capacity for the Life and Spirit of God.



"The necessity therefore of the Spirit of Love is what God Himself cannot dispense with in the creature, any more than He can deny Himself or act contrary to His own holy being. But as it was His Will to all Goodness that brought forth angels and the spirits of men, so He can will nothing in their existence, but that they should live and work, and manifest that same spirit of Love, and Goodness which brought them into being.



"There is no peace, nor ever can be, for the soul of man, but in the purity and perfection of its first created nature; nor can it have its purity and perfection in any other way than in and by the Spirit of Love. For as Love is the God that created all things, so Love is the purity, the perfection and blessing of all created things; and nothing can live in God but as it lives in love. So that Love alone is, and only can be, the cure of every evil; and he that lives in the purity of love is risen out of the power of evil into the freedom of the one Spirit of heaven."



Let us take time to ponder this blessed truth and promise: that the God and Father of all love is longing to filll the heart of His children with nothing less than His own Divine, Eternal Love!

