## PERPETUAL INSPIRATION ##

Scripture: "Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come."--John 16:13



"How unreasonable is it to call perpetual inspiration fanaticism or enthusiasm, when there cannot be the least degree of goodness or happiness in any intelligent being, but what is in its whole nature merely and truly the Breathing, the Life, and the Operation of God in the life of the creature. For if goodness can only be in God, if it cannot exist separate from Him, if He can only bless and sanctify, not by a creaturely gift, but by Himself becoming the Blessing and Sanctification of the creature, then it is the highest degree of blindness to look for any goodness and happiness from anything but the immediate in-dwellng union and operation of the Deity in the life of the creature. Perpetual inspiration therefore, is in the nature of the thing, as necessary to a life of Goodness, Holiness and Happiness, as the perpetual respiration of the air is necessary to animal life.



"What a mistake it is to confine inspiration to particular times and occasions, to prophets and apostles, when the common Christian looks and trusts to be continually led and inspired by the Spirit of God. For though all are not called to be prophets or apostles, yet all are called to be holy as He who has called them is holy, to be perfect as their heavenly Father is perfect, to be like-minded with Christ, to will only as God wills, to do all to His glory and honour, to renounce the spirit of the world, to love God with all their heart, soul and spirit, and their neighbour as themselves.



"Behold a work as great, Divine and supernatural as that of a prophet and an apostle. Now the holiness of the common Christian is not an occasional thing that is only for a time, but is the holiness of that which is always alive and stirring in us, namely, of our thoughts, wills, desires and affections. If we are all called to this inward holiness and goodness, then a perpetual, always-existing operation of the Spirit of God within us is absolutely necessary. If our thoughts and affections are to be always holy and good, then the Holy and Good Spirit of God is to be always operating as a principle of life within us."



Ever blessed God and Father, we beseech Thee, reveal to us in power this blessed truth, that the immediate and continual leading and working of Thy Holy Spirit is in very deed what Thou longest to give, and what we may confidently claim.

