## DYING TO SELF ##

Scripture: "Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls."--Matthew 11:28-29



"Many will ask how this way of overcoming self is to be so simple, plain and immediate. Is it not the doctrine of almost all men that much length of time and practice are scarce sufficient for the attainment of any one of these four virtues?" "I have referred you to Patience, Meekness, Humility as the one plain and immediate way of dying to self, because you can as easily and immediately, by the mere turning and faith of your mind have all the benefit of these virtues, as publicans and sinners by their turning to Christ could be helped and saved by Him. The reason that you or others are vainly endeavoring after these virtues, is because you seek them in a multitude of human rules and methods, and not in that simplicity of faith in which those who applied to Christ immediately obtained that which they asked of Him."



" 'Come unto Me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' How short and simple and certain a way to peace and comfort. What becomes now of your rules and methods, to be delivered from self and the power of sin, and find the redeeming power and virtue of Christ ? What a folly it would be to suppose that Christ, after having finished His great work, and ascended into heaven, with all power in heaven and on earth, was become less a Saviour, and gave less immediate help, than when He lived as man upon earth.



"You say that it is not the question whether my giving up myself to Christ in faith would do me as much good as it did to them who came to Him on earth; but whether my turning in faith to Patience, Meekness, Humility and Resignation to God, would do to me all that faith in Christ did for those who became His disciples.



"When I exhort you to give up yourself in faith and hope to these virtues, what else do I do, but turn you directly to so much faith and hope in the true Lamb of God. What is the Lamb of God but the perfection of patience, meekness, humility and resig¬nation to God ? And consequently, is not every sincere wish and desire, every inclination of your heart, that longs to be governed by these virtues, an immediate, direct application to Christ, a worshipping and falling down before Him, a giving up of yourself unto Him, and the very perfection of faith in Him."



We too often think of faith in Christ only as connected with the work He did for us on the Cross. But its meaning is far larger and richer. It is by faith that zve can claim all the grace and the mind there were in Him, and receive it through the Spirit as ours. Faith then becomes the daily exercise by which the virtues and the graces that there are in Christ cart become ours. And so we get the mind of Christ

