## OF FAITH IN CHRIST ##

Scripture: "For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith."--Galatians 5:5



"In the words of Christ, 'Learn of Me, for I am meek and lowly of heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls,' you have two truths asserted. First that to be given up to Patience, Meekness, Humility and Resignation to God, is strictly the same thing as to learn of Christ, or to have faith in Him. And that because the inclination of your heart towards these virtues is truly giving up all that you are, and all that you have from fallen Adam; it is perfectly leaving all that you have, and your highest act of faith in Him. Therefore all the blessing and deliverance from sin from any degree of faith and hope in Christ are sure of being led and governed by His Spirit of Patience, Meekness, Humility and Resignation to God. Whilst you shut up yourself in these, you are in the very arms of Christ, your whole heart is His dwelling place, and He lives and works in you. When these tempers live and abide in you, as the spirit and aim of your life, then Christ is in you of a truth, and the life that you then lead is not yours, but it is Christ that liveth in you. The Spirit of Divine Love can have no place or possibility of birth in any fallen creature till it wills and chooses to be dead to all self, in a patient, meek, humble, resignation to the good power and mercy of God. And when your own impatience or pride attacks you, stand turned to this humble resignation and leave and give up yourself to be helped by the mercy of God. The greater the perplexity of your distress is, the nearer you are to the greatest and best relief, provided you have but patience to expect it all from God. And be assured that we have neither more nor less of the Divine operation within us but just and strictly in that degree as our faith and hope and trust are upon God more or less.



"These are short but full articles of true religion, which carry salvation along with them, which make a true and full offering and oblation of our whole nature to the Divine operation, and are also a true and full confession of the Holy Trinity in Unity."



Let now your one thonght be: It is now the whole bent and design of my soul to seek for my salvation alone through the mediation of the meek, humble, patient, resigned Lamb °f God, who alone has power to bring forth the blessed birth of these heavenly virtues in my soul.

