## THE LAMB OF GOD ##

Scripture: "For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace."--Romans 8:6 "Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;"--Titus 3:6



"The Lamb of God is the Eternal Love and Meekness that left the bosom of His Father to be Himself the resurrection of Meekness and Love in the darkened souls of fallen men. What a comfort it is to think that this Lamb of God, Who is the glory of heaven, is as near to us, as truly in the midst of us, as He is in the midst of heaven."



"Oh, sweet resignation of myself to God! Happy death of every self-desire; blessed unction of a holy life; the only driver of all evil out of my soul, be thou my guide and governor, wherever I go. Nothing but thou canst take me from myself, nothing but thou canst lead me to God; hell has no power where thou art ; nor can heaven hide itself from thee. Oh, may I never indulge a thought, bring forth a word, or do anything for myself or others, but under the influence of thy blessed inspiration. The sight, though distant, of this Sabbath of the soul, freed from the miserable labour of self, to rest in Meekness, Humility, Patience and Resignation under the Spirit of God is like the joyful voice of the Bridegroom to my soul, and leaves no wish in me but to be at the marriage-feast of the Lamb."



"This marriage-feast signifies the entrance into the highest state of union that can be between God and the soul in this life. In other words, it is the birthday of the Spirit of Love in our souls, which, whenever we attain it, will feast our souls with such peace and joy in God, as will blot out the remembrance of everything that we called joy or peace before.



"Thither you must certainly come, if you keep to this path of Meekness, Humility and Patience, under a full Resignation to God. But if you go aside from it, let the occasion seem ever so glorious, it is only preparing you for a harder death. For die you must to all and everything that you have worked or done under any other spirit but that of the Meekness of the Lamb.

"As the Lamb of God He has all power to bring forth in us a weariness of our fallen state, and a willingness to fall from it into His Meekness-and Humility."



Let us listen to the blessed Lamb of God as He calls us: "Learn of Me, for I am meek and lowly of heart." It was for His humility that God so highly exalted Him. It is only as our life becomes the unceasing expression of a longing for His humility and meekness that we shall find rest to our souls.

