## THE GOODNESS OF GOD ##

Scripture: "But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God."--1 Corinthians 2:10



"The goodness of God breaking forth into a desire to communicate good, was the cause and the beginning of the Creation. Hence it follows that to all eternity God can have no thought or intent towards the creature but to communicate good, because He made the creature for this sole end, to receive good. He must always will that to it which He willed at the creation of it. As the sun hath but one nature, and can give forth nothing but the blessings of life, so the holy triune God has but one nature and intent towards all the creation, which is to pour forth the riches and sweetness of the Divine perfection upon everything that is capable of them, and according to its capacity to receive them.



"This is the amiable nature of God; He is the Good, the unchangeable overflowing fountain of good, that sends forth nothing but good to all eternity. He is Love itself, the unmixed immeasurable Love, doing nothing but from love, giving nothing but gifts of love to everything that He has made; requiring nothing of all His creatures but the spirits and fruits of that Love which brought them into being. Oh, how sweet is this contemplation of the heighth and depth of the riches of Divine Love! With what attractions must it draw every thoughtful man to return Love for Love to this overflowing fountain of boundless goodness! What charms has that religion which discovers to us our existence in relation to, and dependence upon, this ocean of Divine Love! View every part of our redemption, from Adam's first sin, to the resurrection of the dead, and you will find nothing but successive mysteries of that first love which created angels and men. All the mysteries of the Gospel are only so many marks and proofs of God's desiring to make His love triumph in the removal of sin and disorder from all nature and creatures."



"With what joy an invalid on a winter's day yields himself to bask in the bright sunshine. What journeys are under¬taken to the heights in Switzerland where the sun gives its warmth best. And, alas! how little God's children understand that this is just the one thing they need, to wait before God in quiet till His light shines upon them, and into them, and through them. How little it is understood that unless we take time, time enough with God for His light to shine into the depths of our hearts, it is in vain for us to expect that His immeasurable love can enter our hearts and fill our lives. Oh, our Father, teach us, we pray Thee, to believe in Thy love, and not to rest until our hearts are filled with it!

