## A TOUCHSTONE OF TRUTH ##

Scripture: "Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:"--Philippians 2:5



"I will here give you an infallible touchstone, that will try all to the truth. It is this: retire from the world, and all con¬versation; stop all the former workings of your heart and mind, and with all the strength of your heart, stand all this month as continually as you can in this form of prayer to God. Offer it frequently on your knees: but whether sitting, standing or walking be always inwardly longing and earnestly praying this one prayer to God: 'That, of His great goodness, He would make known to you, and take from your heart, every kind and form and degree of pride, whether it be from evil spirits or your own cor¬rupt nature; and that He would awaken in you the deepest depths and truth of that humility which can make you capable of His light and His Holy Spirit.'



"Reject every thought but that of wishing and praying in this matter from the bottom of your heart, with such truth and earnestness as people in torment wish and pray to be delivered from it.



"The painful sense and feeling of what you are, kindled into a working state of sensibility by the light of God within you, is the fire and light from which your spirit of prayer proceeds. In its first kindling nothing is found or felt but pain, wrath, and darkness, as is to be seen in the kindling of every heat or fire. And therefore its first prayer is nothing else but a sense of penitence, self-condemnation, confession and humility. It feels noth¬ing but its own misery, and so is all humility.



"This prayer of humility is met by the Divine Love, the mercifulness of God embraces it; and then its prayer is changed into songs and thanksgiving. When this state of fervour has done its work, has melted away all earthly passions and affections, and left no inclination in the soul but to delight in God alone, then its prayer changes again.



"It is now come so near to God, has found such union with Him, that it does not so much pray as live in God. Its prayer is not any particular action, not confined to times, or words, Or place, but is the work of the whole being, which continually stands in fulness of faith, in purity of love, in absolute resignation to do, and be, what and how the Beloved pleases. This is the last state °f the Spirit of Prayer, and is its highest union with God in this life."



Prayer is not merely bringing certain requests to God. Prayer is the highest revelation of our fitness for fellowship with God. It begins with the deep humility that knows that it is nothing. That has no desire but to meet God in the fellowship of His love; and then with the whole being continually to live in absolute surrender, to do, and to be, what and how the Beloved pleases.

