## THE LOVE OF GOD ##

Scripture: "God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him."—1 JOHN iv. 16.



May God through His Holy Spirit grant us grace rightly to adore this unfathomable mystery.



Jesus said: "None is good save one, even God." The glory of God in heaven is that He has a Will to all that is good. That includes the two meanings of the word: good, all that is right and perfect: good, all that makes happy.



The God who wills nothing but good is a God of love. He does not seek His own: He does not live for Himself; but pours out His love on all living creatures. All created things share in this love, to the end that they may be satisfied with that which is good.



The characteristic of Love is that she "seeketh not her own." She finds her happiness in giving to others; she sacrifices herself wholly for others. Even so God offered Himself to mankind in the Person of His Son, and the Son offered Himself upon the cross to bring that love to men, and to win their hearts. The everlasting love with which the Father loved the Son is the same love with which the Son has loved us. This self-same love of God, Christ has poured into our hearts through the Holy Spirit, so that our whole life may be permeated with its vital power.



The love of God to His Son, the love of the Son to us, the love with which we love the Son, the love with which we, in obedience to His command, love the brethren, and try to love all men and win them for Christ—all is the same eternal, incomprehensible, almighty love of God. Love is the power of the God-head, m the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This love is the possession of all who are members of the body of Christ, and streams forth from them to take the whole world within its compass.



Unsearchable, adorable wonder of love! "He that abideth in love, abideth in God, and God in him." O my soul, meditate on this wondrous love, and adore the great God of Love!

