## LIKE CHRIST ##

Scripture: "I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you." — JOHN xiii. 15.



The love of Christ, manifested in His death on the cross, is the ground, not only of our hope of salvation, but it is the only rule for our daily life and conduct. Our Lord says clearly : "Ye should do as I have done." The love of Christ is my only hope of salvation. A walk in that love is the way truly and fully to enjoy that salvation.



"Let each one of us please his neighbor for that which is good, unto edifying; for even Christ pleased not Himself. Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us" (Rom. xv. 2, 7). God will work the power within us to "receive one another, as Christ received us." He will do it for every upright soul, and for all who pray in confident faith.



"Be ye followers of God, as dear children; and walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given Himself for us" (Eph. v. 1, 2). Here, again, love is everything. We must realize that Christ loved us even unto death, and that we are now God's dear children. It follows naturally that we should walk in love. Faith in Christ's wonderful love, and in God's inconceivable love resting upon us, makes it not only possible, but certain, that those who keep close to Christ will walk in love.



"Put on therefore, as God's elect, holy and beloved, a heart of compassion; forbearing one another, and forgiving each other; even as the Lord forgave you, so also do ye. And above all these things put on lore, which is the bond of perfectness" (Col. iii. 12-14). What a blessed life in the love and the power that we have in Christ! What a blessed walk in His fellowship, when we are led by the Holy Spirit, and strengthened for a life in His likeness !



O God, the Father of love, the Father of Christ, our Father, wilt Thou indeed strengthen us each day to love one another in Christ, even as He loved us !

