## FAITH WORKING THROUGH LOVE ##

Scripture: "In Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircumcision; but faith working through love."—GAL. v. 6.



"Faith is the root: Love is the fruit. Faith becomes strong in the love of God and of Christ. Faith in God and love to the brethren must always go hand in hand. Faith in God's wonderful love, shed abroad in our hearts, enables us to live always in love towards our fellow-men. This true faith gives us power for a life of fervent, all-embracing love.



Yet how little the Church realize? of all this! How seldom does the preacher lay stress on a Christlike love to the brethren, as the fruit and joy of the life of faith!



All of our life—in the home, between father and mother, par¬ents and children, brothers and sisters, friends and servants— should be a life in the love of Christ. Do not say: "It is impos¬sible." All things are possible to God, who through His Holy Spirit will shed His love in our hearts to be lived out in our daily lives. Let our faith cling to God's Word, and to the unseen and wonderful things He will do for us each day. Let these thoughts about love impel us to accept with new and greater faith the Love of God, and then dedicate our lives to letting it radiate from us to all men, yes, even to our enemies, and to the heathen at the uttermost parts of the earth.



O Christian, the whole of salvation lies in these two words —Faith and Love. Let our faith each day take deeper root in God's eternal love. And then each day the fruit of the Spirit will be love in all our intercourse with those around us. May God imprint these words deeply in our hearts, and make them a joy and strength to us—In Jesus Christ nothing avails, but "love working through faith,"

