## THE NAME OF CHRIST ##

Scripture: 'Whatsoever ye do, in word or in deed, do all in the Name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him." .—COL. iii. 17.



At the close of your prayer it is always well to add a request for the "Spirit of Remembrance"; "He shall bring all things to your remembrance" all through the day, so that the prayers of the morning may not be counteracted by the work of the day. Read the text at the head of this passage once more, prayerfully.



Have you ever realized that it is a command ? Is it the aim of your life to obey it, and to fulfil its injunctions? This may be difficult, but it is not impossible, or God would not have asked it of us. God's Word has a wonderful power to preserve the spirit of thanksgiving in our lives. When we rise in the morning let us thank God for the rest of the night in "the Name of the Lord Jesus," and in His Name let us at night thank Him for the mercies of the day. The ordinary daily life, full of most ordinary duties, will thus be lightened by the thought of what God has done for us for Christ's sake. Each ordinary deed will lead to thankfulness that He has given us the power to perform it.



At first it may seem impossible to remember the Lord Jesus in everything, and to do all in His Name, yet the mere endeavor will strengthen us. Even as a mother is conscious of her love for her little child all through the day's hard work, so the love of Christ will enable us to live all day in His Presence. We need to completely surrender ourselves—to live for God all the day.



I have often spoken and written of what it means to pray in the Name of Christ. On reading our text of today I thought: Here we have the right explanation. The man who does all in word and deed, in the Name of Jesus, may have the full, childlike confidence that what he asks in that Name, he will receive. Take the text into your heart, and you may count on the Holy Spirit to make it true in your life.

