## THE TEMPLE OF GOD ##

Scripture: "Know ye not, that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are."—1 COR. Hi. 16, 17.



From eternity it was God's desire to create man for a dwelling in which to show forth His glory. Through man's sin this plan was a seeming failure. In His people Israel God sought a means of carrying out His plan. He would have a house in the midst of His people—first a tabernacle, and then a temple—in which He could dwell. This was but a shadow and image of the true indwelling of God in redeemed mankind, who would be His temple to eternity. So we are built up "into a holy temple, for a habitation of God through the Spirit" (Eph. ii. 22).



In the meantime, since the Holy Spirit has been poured forth, He has His dwelling in each heart that has been cleansed and renewed by the Spirit. The message comes to each believer, however feeble he may be : "Know ye not ? Know ye not ?—that ye are a temple of God?" How little this truth is known or experienced. And yet how true it is, "The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are."



Paul testifies of himself: "Christ liveth in me."



This is the fulness of the Gospel which he preached: the riches of the glory of the mystery, Christ in you. This is what he prayed for so earnestly for believers, that God would strengthen them through His Spirit in the inner man; that Christ might dwell in their hearts by faith. Yes, this is what our Lord Himself promised : "He that loveth Me, and keepeth My words—the Father will love him; and We will come unto him, and make Our abode with him." Is it not strange that Christians are so slow to receive and to adore this wonder of grace?



It is through the Holy Spirit that you will be sanctified into a temple of God, and you will experience that Christ, with the Father, will take up His abode in your heart. Do you desire that the Holy Spirit should teach you to pray? He will do it on this one condition, that you surrender yourself wholly to His guidance.

