## THE IIFE OF FAITH ##

Scripture: "That life which I now live in the flesh I live in faith, the faith which is in the Son of God, who loved me, and gave Himself for me."—GAL. ii. 20.



These words are St. Paul's reply to the objection: "If you say, 'Christ lives in me,' where does your will come in?" If Christ does actually live in you, and holds Himself responsible for your life, what remains for you to do?



St. Paul's words contain the secret of the true life of faith. Elsewhere he prays for believers, "that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith." Here we see the great work that faith has to accomplish in us, and for us, moment by moment, in order to allow the living Lord to work His will in us. Christ will accomplish the work in our hearts.



Because of His divinity, it is natural for the Lord Jesus to fill all things, to be all in all, and especially in the hearts of His children.



Christ's own words to His disciples best explain this. Even as the Father dwelt in Him, and worked His work in Him, so our Lord dwells in us and works His work in us. The Son expressed the Father. We are to express Christ. The Father worked in the Son, and the Son worked out what the Father had wrought in Him. Christ works in us and enables us to carry on His work. This is His gift to us.



The only attitude that becomes us is one of trust, strengthening our faith in the assurance that "He loved me and gave Himself for me." He and I are eternally and inseparably one. "He lives in me."



This is almost too great to grasp or to believe, and yet it is God's truth. The child of God needs time for meditation and adoration, so that the Spirit of God may reveal to Him how completely He will fill our being, accomplishing the work in us. Oh, the depth of the riches of the wisdom and the knowledge of God! How unsearchable are His judgments, and His ways past finding out! Oh, the depth of the love of God in Christ! Let us sacrifice all, that we may know, and trust and honor His love.

