## GO ON TO PERFECTION ##

Scripture: "But solid food is for full-grown men .... Wherefore let us cease to speak of the first principles of Christ, and press on unto perfection."—HEB. vi. 1.



In the Epistle from which this text is taken we read that the Hebrews had long been Christians, and now ought to be teaching others, but instead they were still as babes needing to be fed on milk (Heb. v. 12-14). The apostle seeks to rouse them "to cease to speak of the first principles of Christ, not laying again a foundation of repentance." They were to go on to perfection, to the status of full-grown men, and be prepared for deeper truths which would be taught to them regarding Christ as the High Priest. "But He, because He abideth for ever, hath His priesthood unchangeable. Wherefore He is able to save to the uttermost them that draw near unto God through Him, seeing He ever liveth to make intercession for them" (vii. 24, 25). The truth of this ever-abiding unchangeable priesthood and complete salvation is the solid food of the believer, who desires perfection. In chapter ix. we are told of Christ appearing before the face of God for us, and later that we might enter into the holy place to live in communion with God (x. 19, 20).



It is when he ceases to speak of the first principles of Christ, not laying again a foundation of repentance, that the Christian will grow and be strengthened in grace. He will then actually live in full fellowship with Christ.



Oh, Christian, if hitherto you have been content to know that you have repented and believe in God, and so are sure of salvation, I beseech you, do remember this is only the beginning of eternal life. Listen to the call to press on to perfection. This is what God desires and what the Son Himself will do for you. Learn to yield yourself fully to Christ and to find daily in Him the hidden life, so that you may grow in grace and God use you as a soul-winner. Nothing less than this conformity to Jesus Christ should sat¬isfy you—a life wholly dedicated to God and to His dear Son.

