## "THE MEDIATOR OF A NEW COVENANT" ##

Scripture: "Ye are come to Jesus the Mediator of a new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling."—HEB. xii. 24.



The Mediator is responsible that both sides shall faithfully fulfil the obligations as set forth in the Covenant. Jesus is our surety that God will fulfil His promise. He is surety to God for us that we on our part shall faithfully perform what God requires of us, and He will enable us to keep the Covenant.



It was as Mediator, in the night of the Last Supper, that He gave His disciples the great promise of a New Covenant, the gift of the Holy Ghost as prophesied by Ezekiel.



He also undertook to fulfil the promise, "I will cause you to walk in My statutes, and ye shall keep My judgments, and do them." It was in the fulfilment of this promise that He spoke so definitely to His disciples of the keeping of His commandments being the way by which God's designs would be accomplished. "If ye love Me, ye will keep My commandments, and I will pray the Father and He shall give you another Comforter." "He that hath My commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth Me, and he that loveth Me shall be loved of My Father, and I will manifest myself unto Him." "If a man love me he will keep My word, and My Father will love him and we will come unto him and make our abode with him." "If My words abide in you, ask whatsoever ye will, and it shall be done." "If ye keep My commandments, ye shall abide in My love." "Ye are My friends, if ye do the things which I command you."



Would the Lord definitely have said that all these blessings depend upon the keeping of His commandments, if it were impossible for His disciples to keep them? Assuredly not. He had given them a pledge that the Holy Spirit would enable them. Meditate on this until you have the assurance that Christ expects His disciples for love of Him, through the power of the Holy Spirit, to do all that He asks; and through His abiding in their hearts they will unceasingly keep His commands.

