## "YE ARE BOUGHT WITH A PRICE" ##

Scripture: "Know ye not that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit which is in you, which ye have from God? and ye are not your own; for ye are bought with a price: glorify God, therefore, in your body."—1 COR. vi. 19, 20.



Here you have the reply to the question: What does the Spirit expect of me ? Your body is His temple. The temple of God is holy, devoted to His service. You are not your own, you have no right to please yourself. You have been dearly bought with the blood of Christ. The Spirit has absolute right to your whole life. Therefore you must glorify God in your body and your spirit, which are God's. The Holy Spirit is the Spirit of God's holiness, He comes to make me holy. He expects me to obey Him fully.



Let me dwell upon these words that I may comprehend clearly what the relationship must be between the Spirit and me, and what it is He has a right to expect of me. He asks that I, as one dearly bought "with the blood of Christ, and no longer my own, shall seek in all things to please Him and to follow His leading. All that I owe to God, and to the Lord Jesus, must be shown in my conduct towards the Holy Spirit. I must in all things be guided by Him, for as God He has absolute right to me. He expects me to say each morning, "Speak, Lord, Thy servant hear-eth, I yield myself to obey the prompting of Thy voice within me." He expects absolute obedience.



Furthermore He expects that I shall keep in close touch with Him by taking time each day to renew the bond between Him and me. My whole life must be yielded to Him, that He may bring to perfection in me all His glorious fruits.



He also expects that in His strength I shall witness for Jesus Christ, and consider it my work to help to bring the souls around me to the Lord Jesus. The Spirit expects that my body, which has been dearly bought, shall be a temple of God from which adoration and praise to God the Father and His Son Jesus Christ shall continually arise.

