## A THREEFOLD CORD ##

Scripture: "All things whatsoever ye pray and ask for, believe that ye have received them, and ye shall have them."—MARK xi. 24.



To know, To feel, To will, these are the three chief activities of the soul. When a Christian realizes the fulness there is in Christ and the abundant life He gives, then these three words will show him the way to participate in this fulness.



To know.—We must not be content with our own thoughts about growth in grace. We must see to it that we know clearly what God promises to do in us, and what He requires of us. God's Word teaches us that if we come honestly, with all our sin and impotence, and sincerely yield to Christ our Lord, He will do in us far above what we dare think. See to it that you know clearly what God says you may ask of Him.



To desire.—We must be careful to desire with our whole heart that for which we pray, and be willing to pay the price for it. It may be our desire is faint. God will create the desire in answer to prayer. It may cost us a struggle, and much self-sacrifice, to let go the world and self, but the Spirit will come to our aid. But without strong desire and self-sacrifice progress will not be made.



To will.—The will is the most important point: only by firmness will faith have courage to appropriate what God bestows. Often in the midst of fear and struggle, and almost in despair, we will, to grasp what God offers. Our confidence must be in '" God alone. Christ Jesus will give us the assurance that He is strengthening us to yield ourselves to the Spirit's guidance. When t our desire has developed into a firm will, we shall have courage to believe all that God has promised.



Child of God, thousands have by these means come to experience such fulness in Christ as they never thought possible. The more you cast yourself upon the Word of God, and the love and power of Christ, the sooner you will enter into the rest of faith that ceases from works and depends upon God to fulfil His purposes in you.

