## SOUL-WINNING ##

Scripture: "He that abideth in Me, and I in him, beareth much fruit, for apart from Me ye can do nothing . . . Herein is My Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit."—JOHN xv. 5, 8.



Fruit is that which a tree or a vine yields for the benefit of its owner. Even so, all that the Lord Jesus has taught us about His abiding in us and we in Him is to make us understand that it it not for our benefit, but for His good pleasure and the honor of the Father. We, as branches of the Heavenly Vine, receive and enjoy such astounding grace that we may win souls for Him.



May not this be the reason why you have not enjoyed unbroken fellowship with Christ? You have forgotten that the object of fellowship and communion is fruit-bearing in saving others. Have you not given too much thought to your own sanctification and joy, not remembering that as Christ sought His bless¬ing and glory from the Father in the sacrifice of Himself for us, so we, too, are called to live solely to bring Christ to others? It is for this purpose that we become branches of the Heavenly Vine, in order to continue the work that He began, and with the same whole-heartedness.



When Christ was on earth, He said, "I am the light of the world"; but speaking of the time when he should be taken from the earth He said, "Ye are the light of the world."



How often you have said to the Lord, "I yield myself to Thee for cleansing and keeping and to be made holy," but you have hesitated to add "to be used of Thee for the salvation of others." Let us acknowledge our failure here and humbly offer ourselves to the Lord for His work. Let us begin by praying for those around us, seeking opportunities of helping them, and not being satisfied until we bear fruit to the glory of the Father.



Christ said, "Apart from me ye can do nothing." He knows our utter weakness. He has promised, "He that abideth in Me beareth much fruit." Let all that we learn of the more abundant life and abounding grace constrain us to live to win souls for Jesus.

