## THE THRONE OF GRACE ##

Scripture: "Unto Him that sitteth on the Throne, and unto the Lamb, be the blessing, and the honor, and the glory, and the dominion, for ever and ever."—REV. v. 13.



In chapters four and five of The Revelation we are shown the difference between the Throne of God the Creator, and the Throne of Grace. In chapter four John saw, "a Throne set in heaven, and One sitting upon the Throne; and He that sat was to look upon like a jasper stone and a sarditis." There was no definite form, but the shining light of precious stones. Round about the Throne were four beasts, "and they rest not night and day, saying, Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come." The four-and-twenty elders fall down before Him, saying, "Worthy art Thou, our Lord and our God, to receive the glory and the honor and the power: for Thou didst create all things, and because of Thy will they were, and were created." Here we have the Throne of God, the Almighty Creator!



In chapter five we read: "I saw in the midst of the Throne a Lamb standing, as though it had been slain, and the four living creatures and the four-and-twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, and they sing a new song, saying, Worthy art Thou, for Thou wast slain, and didst purchase unto God with Thy blood men of every tribe, and tongue, and people." Then thousands and thousands of angels cried: "Worthy is the Lamb that hath been slain to receive the power, and riches, and wisdom, and might, and honor, and glory, and blessing. And every created thing, which is in the heaven and on the earth, heard I saying, Unto Him that sitteth on the Throne, and unto the Lamb, be the blessing, and the honor, and the glory, and the dominion, for ever and ever."



There we have the Throne of Grace, the Throne of God and of the Lamb. And the threefold song which we heard, is the heavenly chorus which was sung at the dedication of the Throne of Grace, to the glory of God, and of the Lamb. O my soul, bow down and worship and adore. When you draw near to the Throne of Grace, think of what it cost Christ to found that Throne, and what assurance it gives that you will find grace to help in time of need. I pray you take time this day to come under the deep conviction that the Lamb as it had been slain is on the Throne, and will make you and your prayers acceptable to the Father. In deepest humility and with all your heart, worship the Lamb on the Throne of Grace.

