## THE LAMB IN THE MIDST OF THE THRONE ##

Scripture: "Having then a great High Priest . . . Jesus the Son of God . . . One that hath been in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us draw near with boldness unto the Throne of Grace."—HEB. iv. 14-16.



Can you imagine, O child of God, any way by which the Father could have given us greater boldness of access, than by giving His only Son as a Lamb upon earth, with His godlike, gentle dis¬position, to win our hearts to Him? After Jesus had given Him¬self on the Cross, a ransom for our sins, God placed Him in the midst of the Throne, that we as sinners might have perfect boldness through His blood, to present our prayers through Him, in full assurance that He, as Intercessor, will make them acceptable to the Father.



Truly the holy God has done His utmost to draw us to Himself, and to grant us heavenly boldness to pray with the assurance that our defective prayers, through the Lamb on the Throne, the sympathizing High Priest, will be heard, and find acceptance with God the Father.



O my brother, take time, with the vision of the Lamb on the Throne before you, to give you boldness—take time in deepest humility and childlike faith, and with all the love of which your heart is capable, to worship Him as your Surety and Intercessor and great High Priest. When the Holy Spirit has given that vision of the Lamb on the Throne unto your heart, it will indeed be a Throne of Grace, and you can do nothing less than fall prostrate before Him in adoration and praise, and give Him the glory to all eternity.



Your heart will then become a true temple of God, where, day by day, yea, hour by hour, the song will arise: "Salvation be unto our God who sitteth upon the Throne, and to the Lamb."



When our hearts are filled with love for the Lamb upon the Throne, who makes our prayers acceptable to God the Father, then we shall have the joy and the faith to expect a speedy answer.

