## THE VICTORY OF THE LAMB ##

Scripture: "They overcame him \[the old serpent, the devil\], because of the blood of the Lamb, and because of the word of their testimony ; and they loved not their life even unto death." — REV. xii. 11.



The Lamb is the Lord of lords and King of kings, and is the Victor over every enemy ; and those who are with Him, the called, the chosen and faithful, reign with Him. They conquered the foe through the blood of the Lamb. Faith in the power of Christ and His blood, in the assurance that every foe has been vanquished, and that the blood now makes each one a conqueror in the power of God — this is the secret over sin and the world. The daily fellowship with Christ in the sprinkling of the blood makes us to triumph daily. Christian warrior — remember that there is victory through the blood of the Lamb!



Do not seek only your own salvation or blessedness. Note that, They overcame because of the word of their testimony. Here is that which Christ promised : "Ye shall receive power, when the Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be My witnesses" (Acts i. 8). As we make known the love of God, and witness to the power of the blood, and strive ever to bring souls to God, the enemy will be overcome, and souls will be rescued from his power.



And then again: "They loved not their life even unto death." This was the way the Chief Captain, the Lamb that was slain, gained the victory, and won His place in the midst of the Throne. Those who follow the Lamb, whithersoever He goeth, follow Him in this particular : they have dedicated themselves wholly to His service, and "loved not their life even unto death." As the sub¬jects of an earthly king offer themselves with enthusiasm to his service when needed, so they count nothing too great or too small in the service of the Lamb.



Dear children of God, if you would in the end be crowned as conquerors in life, be faithful followers of the Lamb. Live as He did. Let your trust in the wonderful life-giving power of the blood, and the remembrance of all that He has done for you, be joined to the intense feeling that reckons even life not too precious to be offered up wholly for Him.

